Yo mama so fat I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing.
Yo mama so fat when she got on the scale it said, "I need your weight not your phone number."
Yo mama so fat that when she went to the beach a whale swam up and sang, "We are family, even though you're fatter than me."
Yo mama so so ugly when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama so fat and old when God said, "Let there be light," he asked your mother to move out of the way.
Yo mama so fat that when she fell, no one was laughing but the ground was cracking up.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on WalMart, she lowered the prices.
Yo mama so stupid when an intruder broke   into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn't find the "CALL" button.
Yo mama so ugly she made One Direction go another direction.
Yo mama so fat that Dora can't even explore her!
Yo mama so fat her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo mama so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 Cent.
Yo mama so dumb, when y'all were driving to Disneyland, she saw a sign that said "Disneyland left," so she went home.
Yo mama so stupid she climbed over a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo mama so hairy, when she went to the movie theater to see Star Wars, everybody screamed and said, "IT'S CHEWBACCA!"
Yo mama so stupid she stuck a battery up her ass and said, "I GOT THE POWER!"
Yo mama so stupid she brought a spoon to the super bowl.
Yo mama so so fat she doesn't need the internet, because she's already world wide.
Yo mama so fat when I told her to touch her toes she said, "What are those"?
Yo mama so fat when she sat on an iPod, she made the iPad!
Yo mama so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii Fit.
Yo mama so so ugly when she took a bath the water jumped out.
Yo mama so fat when she went to KFC the cashier asked, "What size bucket?" and yo momma said, "The one on the roof."
Yo mama so stupid she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mama so fat that when she saw a yellow school bus go by full of white kids she ran after it yelling, "TWINKIE!"
Yo mama so fat that when she went to the zoo, the hippos got jealous.
Yo mama so ugly, when she goes into a strip club, they pay her to keep her clothes on.
Yo mama so ugly even Hello Kitty said, "Goodbye" to her
Yo mama so ugly when she went into a haunted house she came out with a job application.
Yo mama so stupid when your dad sad it was chilly outside, she ran out the door with a spoon!
Yo mama so fat when she steps out in a yellow raincoat, the people yell, "TAXI!"
Yo mama so so fat she walked past the TV and I missed 3 episodes.
Yo mama so poor I saw her kicking a trash can so I asked, "What are you doing?" and she said, "I'm moving."
Yo mama so fat she sat on the rainbow and Skittles came out.
Yo mama so fat she got baptized at Sea World.
Yo mama so dumb that she thought Dunkin' Donuts was a basketball team.
Yo mama so so ugly, she scared the shit out of the toilet.
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on the scale it read, "Get the hell off me!"
Yo mama so fat she has more rolls than a bakery.
Yo mama so ugly Fix-It Felix said, "I can't fix it."
Yo mama so fat I tried driving around her and I ran out of gas.
Yo mama so stupid that she sat on the TV to watch the couch.
Yo mama so ugly she turned Medusa into stone.
Yo mama so stupid that when thieves broke in and stole the tv, she ran outside and yelled to them,"Hey, you forgot the remote!"
Yo mama so fat she wore a black bathing suit to the pool and everyone yelled "oil spill!"
Yo mama so old, I slapped her in the back and her boobs fell off.
Yo mama so fat the only way to get her out of a telephone booth is to grease her thighs and throw a Twinkie in the street.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on the back of the bus it did a wheelie.
Yo mama so fat her baby pictures were taken by satellite.
Yo mama so ashy, every time she rubs her arms it snows.
Yo mama so fat she can't even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama so stupid she put paper on the television and called it paper view.
Yo mama so ugly, she had to get the baby drunk so that she could breastfeed it.
Yo mama so ugly, the government moved Halloween to her birthday!
Yo mama so poor that when I asked her whats for dinner tonight she lit her pocket on fire and said, "hot pocket."
Yo mama so stupid, she got hit by a parked car.
Yo mama so fat when I pictured her in my head she broke my neck.
Yo mama so stupid she put airbags on her computer in case it crashed.
Yo mama so fat she tripped over Wal-Mart, stumbled over K-Mart, and landed on Target.
Yo mama so short, you can see her feet on her driver's license.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on an iPad she made a plasma TV.
Yo mamma so stupid she tried to put M&M;'s in alphabetical order.
Yo mama so ugly, her birth certificate is an apology letter from the condom factory.
Yo mama so fat that Mount Everest tried to climb her.
Yo mama so smelly, that when she spread her legs, I got seasick.
Yo mama so stupid, she returned a donut because it had a hole in it.
Yo mama so ugly her parents had to feed her with a slingshot.
Yo mama so fat she went to church with heels on and when she came back home they were flats.
Yo mama is so fat, when she stepped on a scale it said, "One person at a time please."
Yo mama so black, she got marked absent at night school.
Yo mama so hairy when she opens her legs it says "Welcome to Busch Gardens."
Yo mama so ugly she threw a boomerang and it refused to come back.
Yo mama so Fat The Only Letters She Knows In The Alphabet Are K.F.C!
Yo mama so stupid she was yelling into the mailbox. We ask her whats she doing and she said, she was sending a voice-mail.
Yo mama so ugly, the army doesn't use guns any more - they use her picture.
Yo mama so ugly even Bob the Builder said, "We cant fix it."
Yo mama so stupid, when I told her that she lost her mind, she went looking for it.
Yo mama so stupid when theives broke into her house and stole the TV she chased after them shouting ''wait you forgot the remote''.
Yo mama so ugly when Santa came down the chimney he said ho! ho! hoooollly shit!
Yo mama so stupid, when they said, "Order in the court," she asked for fries and a shake.
Yo mama so fat I took a picture of her last Christmas and its still printing.
Yo mama so poor the ducks throw bread at her.
Yo mama so stupid that she brought a ruler to bed to see how long she could sleep.
Yo mama so fat when she goes camping the bears hide their food.
Yo mama so fat when she went to the circus the little girl asked if she could ride the elephant.
Yo mama so ugly, that she made a blind kid cry.
Yo mama so fat...That she broke a branch in her family tree!
Yo mama so fat when she steps on a scale it says TO BE CONTINUED...
Yo mama so ugly when she went to the bathroom, she scared the shit out of the toilet.
Yo mama so fat it took nationwide 3 years to get on her side.
Yo mama so old she knew Burger King when he was still a prince.
Yo mama so fat Mount Everest tried to climb her.
Yo mama so fat...She put on her lipstick with a paint-roller.
Yo mama so fat every time she sits down they add another country to the map.
Yo mama so ugly that when she smiles in the mirror the reflection doesn't smile back.
Yo mama so stupid she stared at an orange juice container for 2 hours because it said concentrate.
Yo mama so ugly, when she went to a stripping club, they paid her to keep her clothes on.
Yo mama so fat when she steps on the scales it says one at a time please.
Yo mama so fat even dora cant explore her.
Yo mama so fat when she fell, no one laughed, but the ground started cracking up.
Yo mama so fat...I ran around her twice and got lost.
Yo mama so ugly she gave Freddy Kruger nightmares.
Yo mama so old her birth certificate says 'expired.'
Yo mama so stupid, she returned a doughnut cause it had a hole in it.
Yo mama so fat she fell into a black hole and it clogged!
Yo mama so ugly, even hello kitty said goodbye.
Yo mama so fat when she leaves the beach everybody shouts "The coast is clear."
Yo mama so fat she got hit by a car and said: Who threw that rock???
Yo mama so fat that Weight Watchers said I give up.
Yo mama so fat she downloads cheats for Wii Fit.
Yo mama so poor, she chases the garbage truck with a grocery list.
Yo mama so ugly, her imaginary friend played with other kids.
Yo mama so fat... She sat on top of Walmart and lowered the prices.
Yo mama so skinny she looks like a mic stand.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought seaweed is something fish smoke.
Yo mama so fat that when she stepped on a scale, buzz lightyear came out and said "to infinity and beyond!"
Yo mama so stupid she tried to drown a fish.
Yo mama so stupid, she put 2 quarters to her ears and thought she was listenin' to 50 Cent.
Yo mama so fat... That she makes Godzilla look like an action figure.
Yo mama so stupid when she went to Subway, she asked for a ticket to Chicago.
Yo mama so fat if she buys a fur coat, a whole species will become extinct.
Yo mama so fat her husband has to stand up in bed each morning to see if it's daylight.
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to make an appointment with Dr.pepper
Yo mama so poor she can't afford to pay attention!
Yo mama so stupid she tried to commit suicide by jumping out the basement window.
Yo mama so fat when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too!
Yo mama so fat that while she's sits on the beach, the lifeguard comes up to her to say, "Excuse me mame, but the tide wants to come in."
Yo mama so stupid she thought fruit punch was a gay boxer.
Yo mama so stupid that she thought starbucks are money in space.
Yo mama so fat her cereal bowl comes with a lifeguard.
Yo mama so fat when she tried to go to McDonald's she tripped over Wendy's and landed on Burger King.
Yo mama so stupid she got hit by a parked car!
Yo mama so old... She's got Adam and Eve's autograph.
Yo mama so dumb she threw a ball at the ground and missed.
Yo mama so fat the army used her pants for a parachute.
Yo mama so fat it took me a bus and two trains just to get on her good side.
Yo mama so fat she rolled out of bed and everybody thought there was an earthquake.
Yo mama so fat when she step on the scales her phone number came up.
Yo mama so skinny she swallowed a meatball n thought she was pregnant.
Yo mama so fat her diet pills say M & M.
Yo mama so fat people exercise by doing laps 'round her!
Yo mama so hairy, Kingkong got jealous.
Yo mama so ugly that her birth certificate came with an apology letter from the condom factory.
Yo mama so fat she needs two Facebook accounts for her profile picture.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to eat her iPhone because it had an apple on it!
Yo mama so fat when she skips a meal, the stock market drops.
Yo mama so stupid, when I offered her animal crackers she said no thanks, I'm a vegetarian.
Yo mama so stupid, the password needed 8 characters, so she put Snow white and the 7 dwarves.
Yo mama so fat when we went to the beach the whales sang, "We are family."
Yo mama so fat when she burped New Orleans thought Katrina came back to finish the job.
Yo mama so fat the government forced her to wear tailights and blinkers so no one else would get hurt.
Yo mama so fat a cop saw her standing alone and told her to break it up.
Yo mama so fat she got arrested at the airport for ten pounds of crack.
Yo mama so fat she got a parking ticket for standing at a crosswalk.
Yo mama so fat she buys clothes in three sizes: large, extra large, and "Oh my God, it's coming towards us!"
Yo mama so stupid she got lost in a telephone booth.
Yo mama so stupid she put a peephole in a glass door!
Yo mama so fat; she's on both sides of the family!
Yo mama so stupid she stuck her face into a book to make a Facebook.
Yo mama so ugly, she couldn't join an ugly contest, because was treated as a professional.
Yo mama so stupid that she bought curtains for her computer just because it had Windows.
Yo mama so stupid she thinks a quarterback is a refund!
Yo mama so dumb she got locked in a grocery store and starved to death!
Yo mama so dumb she stole a free cookie!
Yo mama so fat when she turns around, people give her a welcome back party!
Yo mama so fat... Your family portrait has stretch marks
Yo mama so fat when she walked by the TV i missed 3 episodes!
Yo mama so stupid, she thought the international dateline was a global dating service.
Yo mama so fat that when she wore a red shirt, people said hey look koolaid.
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on a train track, the warning lights went on.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a tree it made paper.
Yo mama so fat she doesn't need the intenet to be worldwide.
Yo mama so fat when she left the room everyone could breathe again.
Yo mama so skinny, every time she hiccups she does a backflip.
Yo mama so stupid she bought tickets to Xbox Live.
Yo mama so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip-flops.
Yo mama so fat her scale reads "Game Over."
Yo mama so fat she was going to walmart tripped over kmart and landed right on target!
Yo mama so fat when she wore her yellow bathing suit, the sun got jealous.
Yo mama so fat that she can use herself as a bowling ball and get 10 strikes in all of the lanes!
Yo mama so poor a man broke in her house a gave her money.
Yo mama so fat when she sat at the back of the bus it pulled a wheelie.
Yo mama so fat that they had to install speed bumps at all you can eat buffet.
Yo mama so fat... that when she wore a blue and green sweater,everyone thought she was Planet Earth.
Yo mama so nasty that when she goes to the universal studios children follow her shouting "Shrek! Shrek!"
Yo mama so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama so stupid, she was looking for bluetooth at the orthodontist.
Yo mama so fat the hippos at the zoo get jealous of her figure.
Yo mama so old that when she went to the museum, people thought she was part of an exhibit.
Yo mama so stupid, she took a spoon to the Super Bowl.
Yo mama so fat when she tossed in her sleep she woke up in another time zone.
Yo mama so poor, when I asked where her bathroom was, she said, "Fourth bottle from the left."
Yo mama so poor that when I stepped on a cigarette she said "who turned off the heat?"
Yo mama so fat that she could sell shade.
Yo mama so fat that when she puts on her yellow rain coat and walks down the street people shout out cab!
Yo mama so stupid, when your were born she looked at your embelical cord and says "It comes with cable!"
Yo mama so fat that she fell over and rocked herself to sleep trying to get up.
Yo mama so fat that she had to get baptized at seaworld.
Yo mama so fat when she farted she caused global warming!
Yo mama so ugly when she takes baths water hops out.
Yo mama so old she ran track with the dinosaurs.
Yo mama so dumb she waited all day at a stop sign.
Yo mama so fat she has more chins than a Chinese phone book.
Yo mama so stupid she bought tickets to Flo ridas concert but instead she went to Florida.
Yo mama so fat that even Barack Obama couldn't afford to take her out to dinner.
Yo mama so stupid when an intruder broke into her house, she ran downstairs, dialed 9-1-1 on the microwave, and couldn't find the "CALL" button.
Yo mama so dumb, she thought General Motors was in the army.
Yo mama so stupid, when I said lets hit the dance floor, she stated hitting it.
Yo mama so poor that when she farted she said clap your hands stomp your feet praise to the lord we have heat.
Yo mama so poor, when you ring her doorbell, she sticks her head out the window and yells, "DING DONG!"
Yo mama so bald, when she wears a turtleneck it looks like a busted rubber.
Yo mama so dumb,when she got an "F" on her test, she thought it mean Fantastic!
Yo mama so dumb, she threw the dog and told the stick to fetch!
Yo mama so old... Jurassic Park brought back the memories...
Yo mama so fat she went to Japan and Godzilla said "DAMN" and ran away.
Yo mama so black, when she leans up against a white wall she looks like an alley.
Yo mama so Black When I Shot Her, The Bullet Came Back And Asked For Flashlight.
Yo mama so ugly she threw a boomerang and it refused to come back.
Yo mama so fat that when she bends over, the whole country enters daylight saving.
Yo mama so stupid she failed a survey.
Yo mama so stupid, she asked if her drug test was multiple choice.
Yo mama so poor when her friend came over to use the bathroom she said ok, choose a corner.
Yo mama so poor she traded her car for gas money.
Yo mama so stupid, she saw a "Wet Floor" sign and did what it said.
Yo mama so poor, when I asked her what's for dinner, she pulled out a shotgun and said "The next motherfucker that moves!"
Yo mama so stupid, she jumped off a cliff and stopped for directions.
Yo mama so fat her Polo shirts come with real horses on the pocket.
Yo mama so fat when she went to the movie theater people said "Look at king Kong in 3D."
Yo mama so old...Her birthday expired.
Yo mama so ugly, when she wore cheese panties, even the rats wouldn't eat her.
Yo mama so slow that when she tried to cross the road she got a parking ticket.
Yo mama so old Moses is in her year book.
Yo mama so fat she has more rolls than a bakery.
Yo mama so ugly her face is used as an x ray in mortal kombat X.
Yo mama so fat...When a cop saw her he told her Hey you two break it up!
Yo mama so fat Godzilla tried to f**k her and fell in.
Yo mama so stupid she put on bug spray before she goes to the flee market!
Yo mama so fat they used her for a trampoline at the Olympics.
Yo mama so fat... When she goes to the zoo the elephants throw your momma peanuts.
Yo mama so fat she puts in tampons with a bazooka.
Yo mama so stupid, her wig has a chinstrap.
Yo mama so fat they thought her butt was a new planet.
Yo mama so fat that when she got on the titanic, it sunk right away, and the only reason that this story is different is because the people who've told others about it were scared that she would sit on them.
Yo mama so stupid that when a teacher told the class nobody is perfect, he replied, "I want to become nobody!"
Yo mama so stupid that when he got a new bicycle he gave it to the charity funds.
Yo mama so fat iPod converts into iPad, when she sits on it.
Yo mama so fat that she took geometry at the school because she heard there will be some pi.
Yo mama so fat her ass looks like two pigs fighting over a milk dud.
Yo mama so ghetto, her wedding cake was made of cornbread.
Yo mama so fat she broke your family tree.
Yo mama so black that when she walked outside the street lights turned on.
Yo mama so ugly, when she joined an ugly contest, they said 'Sorry, no professionals.'
Yo mama so fat her legs are like spoiled milk, white and chunky.
Yo mama so ugly that when she delivered a little baby after birth the baby saw mum and screamed "It's a gorilla!".
Yo mama so nasty, when I asked what was for dinner, she took off her shoe and said, "Corns."
Yo mama so stupid you have to dig for her IQ!
Yo mama so fat it takes her two trips to haul ass.
Yo mama so old if she were a car it would be time to roll back her odometer.
Yo mama so fat when she walked out in August in her yellow sun dress and the kids said mommy its time for school.
Yo mama so fat when she was in school she sat by everybody!
Yo mama so fat when she went to a subway she mistook the train for a sandwich and ate it.
Yo mama so fat when she went swimming, The Japanese harpooned her and took her back to Japan to sell her blubber.
Yo mama so fat she could go to the desert and sells shade.
Yo mama so poor, when she picks a booger, she yells, "Clap your hands and stomp your feet, praise the Lord, we got meat!"
Yo mama so old her breast milk is powdered.
Yo mama so fat that her measurements are 26-34-28, and her other arm is just as big!
Yo mama so poor for Christmas she got a box, put two sticks on it, spun it and said son here's your xbox 360.
Yo mama so stupid she told a Yo mama joke to you.
Yo mama so ugly, the Government moved Halloween to her birthday.
Yo mama so fat she uses a mattress for a maxipad.
Yo mama so fat when she ordered a waterbed, I gave her the atlantic ocean.
Yo mama so black Batman came and said damn b*tch I thought I was the dark night.
Yo mama so nasty, she gave me an ear infection over the phone.
Yo mama so ugly that she scares blind people!
Yo mama so skinny, she uses dental floss for toilet paper.
Yo mama so fat... She's sits on coal and farts out a diamond.
Yo mama so stupid, I said, "Why do you have 2 quarters in your ears?" And she said, "I am listening to 50 cent."
Yo mama so poor when I went to her house and asked to use the bathroom, she said "Two trees to your left."
Yo mama so fat she was floating in the ocean and spain claimed her for then new world.
Yo mama so ugly when Santa came down the chimney he said ho! ho! hoooollly shit!
Yo mama so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!
Yo mama so fat local night clubs had to put up signs that read, "Maximum Occupancy: 240 or Yo' mama."
Yo mama so fat when she went to the movies she sat next to everyone.
Yo mama so ugly, when she were born, the doctor didn't know which end to slap.
Yo mama so fat... She can't even fit in the chat room.
Yo mama so stupid, she put the operator on speed dial.
Yo mama so old she was electrocuted with steam.
Yo mama so old she was wearing a Jesus starter jacket!
Yo mama so stupid that she burned down the house with a CD burner.
Yo mama so fat when she dive into the ocean, there is a tsunami warning out!
Yo mama so fat she lay on the beach and people run around yelling Free Willy
Yo mama so poor... I walked into her home, asked if I could use her toilet, and she said "Sure thing, it's 4th tree on your right..."
Yo mama so nasty, when she walks the dog, they both use the same bush.
Yo mama so dirty, they won't even use her bath water for waterboarding.
Yo mama so poor, she strips at Chuck E. Cheese for tokens.
Yo mama so fat I had to dip her in flour to find her wet patch.
Yo mama so old, she went to an antique shop, and they kept her.
Yo mama so poor, my jack-o-lantern gets better dental work then she does.
Yo mama so ugly, her zits don't want to be seen with her.
Yo mama so poor, her bathroom consists of a tin can and a pile of leaves.
Yo mama so dumb she makes u look like a genius.
Yo mama so poor I saw her with one shoe in the garbage can and I said, "Did you lost a shoe." And she said, "Nope I just found one."
Yo mama so fat when she farts, it comes out at the ankles of her tight-ass jeans.
Yo mama so stupid that when she got locked up in the supermarket she starved to death.
Yo mama so fat she has seat belts on the chairs to keep her fat from rolling off!
Yo mama so fat that her MySpace has no space.
Yo mama so ugly when god was making light he told her to step out the way.
Yo mama so ugly that she died of fright when she looked in the mirror.
Yo mama so fat that when she works out too long she starts sweating cooking oil.
Yo mama so thin she stepped on a scale and a scale said no papers plz.
Yo mama so poor, she steals her breakfast from backyard bird feeders.
Yo mama so stupid she married a carpenter just to get nailed.
Yo mama so stupid, she walked into an antique shop and asked, "What's new?"
Yo mama so ugly, the tide wouldn't even take her out.
Yo mama so fat she sat on a quarter and a booger shot out of George Washington's nose.
Yo mama so old, I told her to act her own age and she died.
Yo mama so ugly, her vibrator went soft.
Yo mama so poor... When I visited her trailer, 2 cockroaches tripped me and a Rat tried to steal me wallet.
Yo mama so old... She left her purse on Noah's Ark.
Yo mama so fat... She's got smaller fat women orbiting around her.
Yo mama so fat when she wears red they say look a firetruck.
Yo mama so nasty, her crabs use her tampon string as a getaway rope.
Yo mama so skinny, her nipples touch.
Yo mama so fat she wears a watch on each arm one for each time zone she's in.
Yo mama so stupid, I said it was going to be chili out and she grabbed a bowl and a spoon.
Yo mama so dark that that she can leave fingerprints on carbon.
Yo mama so old that her bus pass is in hieroglyphics!
Yo mama so fat she was in a parallel universe.
Yo mama so fat when she goes in Walmart and goes out it's gone.
Yo mama so fat even Donald Trump can't make as big of a wall as her.
Yo mama so ugly, I asked if her face hurt because it was killing me.
Yo mama so stupid she stopped at a stop sign and waited for it to turn green.
Yo mama so fat she goes to a resturant, looks at the menu and says "okay!"
Yo mama so old she used a walker when Jesus was born.
Yo mama so ugly that slender man didn't even want follow her.
Yo mama so fat when she made a YouTube account the entire network crashed.
Yo mama so poor she bragged about the time she almost ate at a restaraunt.
Yo mama so bald, when she puts on a turtle neck she looks like a roll on deodorant.
Yo mama so poor she ran after a trash can truck with her shoping list.
Yo mama so stupid she got locked in a funiture store and slept on the floor.
Yo mama so old, she dreams in black and white.
Yo mama so fat when she plays hopscotch, she plays like this New York, Chicago, New Orleans, L.A.
Yo mama so hairy, that Bigfoot tried to take her picture!
Yo mama so fat when she takes a bath she fills the tub then turns on the water.
Yo mama so fat when she looked at the scale she yelled, "Thats not my weight, thats my phone number!"
Yo mama so fat she made weight watchers go blind.
Yo mama so fat she sank the Titanic!
Yo mama so fat she bounced over Wal-Mart, rolled over KMart, and landed on target.
Yo mama so old in her time Burger King was know as Burger Prince.
Yo mama so old she was friends with Cleopatra.
Yo mama so stupid someone said Christmas was around the corner and she went looking for it.
Yo mama so fat yo' daddy is still climbing back off.
Yo mama so old, her teeth are like stars: they come out at night.
Yo mama so fat she gets her nails done at the auto shop.
Yo mama so fat every time you smack her butt, you can ride the waves.
Yo mama so stupid, she was looking at the apple juice for few days cause it says "concentrate".
Yo mama so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in!
Yo mama so STUPID WHEN THEY SAID THAT IT IS CHILLY OUTSIDE, SHE WENT OUTSIDE WITH A BOWL AND A SPOON.
Yo mama so poor... Burglars break into yo momma's home and leave money.
Yo mama so fat her portrait fell off the wall.
Yo mama so fat when she jumps all the oceans disappear.
Yo mama so FAT WHEN YOU GO AROUND HER YOU GET LOST!
Yo mama so fat when she steped on the scale it said to be continued.
Yo mama so fat she sat on Big Lots and it turned into Lowes!!!
Yo mama so stupid when she asked me what kind of jeans am I wearing I said Guess and she said Levis.
Yo mama so stupid, she threw a baseball at Batman.
Yo mama so fat she doesn't need the internet, She is already world-wide!
Yo mama so stupid she put lipstick on her forehead to make up her mind.
Yo mama so nasty, her farts are classified as biological weapons.
Yo mama so poor, she eats cereal with a fork to save milk.
Yo mama so stupid, she poured a bowl of Cheerios and said, "Look, my alphabet soup spells 'Ooooo.'"
Yo mama so ugly, that when she entered a haunted house, she came out with an application.
Yo mama so short, she was able to get an job application with the Oompa Loompas!
Yo mama so old she made yoda look young.
Yo mama so fat the only alphabet she knows is her KFCs.
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on the scale it came up with my phone number.
Yo mama so nasty i had phone sex with her and she gave me an earinfection.
Yo mama so fat... To her light food means under 4 Tons.
Yo mama so fat she don't take pictures, she takes posters.
Yo mama so short you can see her feet on her passport picture.
Yo mama so hairy she has afros on her nipples.
Yo mama so fat instead lint in her belly button, she's gathered full sweaters.
Yo mama so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through.
Yo mama so stupid, she ordered a cheeseburger without the cheese.
Yo mama so nasty, simply bathing is part of her weight loss program.
Yo mama so dumb she runs to the mailbox whenever her computer beeps: "you have a new mail".
Yo mama so black when God saw her he said "Oh man I burnt one again."
Yo mama so ugly the mirror did not make an reflection.
Yo mama so fat when she hauls ass she has to make 2 trips.
Yo mama so fat her stair master has a dinner tray attached.
Yo mama so old her first job was as Cain and Abel' babysitter.
Yo mama so ugly when she went to the thirteenth floor they got scared of her.
Yo mama so flat, the wall is jealous of her.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought the Blizzard of '96 was a new item at Dairy Queen!
Yo mama so fat when she plays football she play offense and defense.
Yo mama so ugly, when she walked past the toilet, it flushed itself.
Yo mama so nasty, it sounds like Velcro when she takes her panties off.
Yo mama so fat when she was a baby, she took a bath with a rubber albatross.
Yo mama so fat she leaves stretch marks in the tub.
Yo mama so stupid, she gave your kids a "Yo' Grandmama Is So Stupid" joke book.
Yo mama so skanky, she can make out with a toothpick in her mouth.
Yo mama so fat when god said let there be light she was told to move out of the way.
Yo mama so stupid she stared at an orange juice container for 2 hours because it said concentrate.
Yo mama so nasty, she uses bacon as bandages.
Yo mama so fat when she goes to Taco Bell, they run for the border!
Yo mama so stinky that she scared the fly's off the shit wagonrn.
Yo mama so fat I can stand on her belly and high-five God.
Yo mama is stupid, she put a book in her friend face and named facebook.
Yo mama so fat it says to be continued, when she gets on a weighing-machine.
Yo mama so fat even her clothes have stretch marks!
Yo mama so stupid, she took a ladder to a Giants game.
Yo mama so stupid, she took a spoon to the Super Bowl.
Yo mama so fat... When she wears her X jacket helicopters try to land.
Yo mama so ugly when she was walking to the bank they turned of the security cameras.
Yo mama so poor I sat on the garbage can and she said get off from my roof.
Yo mama so fat when she goes to the movies she sits next to everyone!
Yo mama so fat that she uses the Great Wall of China wall as a belt.
Yo mama so poor I stepped in her house and I was in the backyard.
Yo moma so fat she jumped off the Grand Canon and got stuck.
Yo mama so fat she uses an air balloon for parachute.
Yo mama so fat she uses the interstate as a slip and slide.
Yo mama so fat that when she sits on the beach, whales swim up to her and sing "We are family...!"
Yo mama so fat when they took pictures of Earth it looked like Earth had a pimple.
Yo mama so fat she fits on both sides of the bed.
Yo mama so nasty, she made the Dead Sea, when went to swim.
Yo mama so fat she stepped on a Nintendo GameCube and turned it into a Gameboy.
Yo mama so stupid she thought that 2 quarters were the famous singer every one said wow she's so "right".
Yo mama so hairy Bigfoot took a picture of her.
Yo mama so poor when i went to her house and picked up a paper plate she yelled "Not my good china!"
Yo mama so ugly, if you look up 'ugly' in the dictionary, there's a picture of her.
Yo mama so fat yo' daddy only sees the other side of her every 4 years.
Yo mama so poor, when I ring the door bell, she yells: DING DONG!
Yo mama so poor, when she found a penny she thought she had hit the lottery.
Yo mama so poor the i saw her rolling a can and said what are you doing she said moving!
Yo mama so nasty, she put ice down her pants to keep the crabs fresh.
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, the kids yell, "Here comes the school bus."
Yo mama so fat she uses the refrigerator for her lunch box.
Yo mama so round and fat that she makes an eclipse with the sun.
Yo mama so ugly, Bob the Builder said: '' holy f*ck we can't fix that.''
Yo mama so dirty, roaches check into her laundry basket, but they don't check out.
Yo mama so poor, she rolls her own tampons.
Yo mama so nasty, when her dog farts, she takes the credit.
Yo mama so nasty, her mouth is like an Almond Joy bar full of nuts.
Yo mama so stupid she tripped over a line on a basketball court.
Yo mama so stupid, she thinks her binoculars are opera glasses.
Yo mama so dumb she stuck a battery up her butt and said, "I got energy!"
Yo mama so fat people jog around her for exercise!
Yo mama so stupid, she reported her stolen crack to the cops.
Yo mama so poor the roaches pay the light bill!
Yo mama so fat she doesn't fit in this joke.
Yo mama so short when she smokes weed, she cant even get high.
Yo mama so hairy when she went to space the aliens thought she was chubacco.
Yo mama so old, that when she farts all that comes out is dust.
Yo mama so fat when she lies on the beach Greenpeace try to push her back in the water.
Yo mama so stupid, you need to put your head up her ass to get her perspective.
Yo mama so black, she died on the sun.
Yo mama so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in!
Yo mama so fat she's gotta wake up in sections.
Yo mama so dumb, if her brains were farts, there wouldn't be enough to stink.
Yo mama so skanky, when the waiter brought out her strip steak, she asked where to tuck the dollar bills.
Yo mama so old her drivers license in hieroglyphics.
Yo mama so fat when she steps on a scale it says TO BE CONTINUED...
Yo mama so ugly when Bob the builder saw her he said "Oh cannot fix that."
Yo mama so fat she fell into a black hole and it clogged!
Yo mama so stupid I told her I was going to the Super Bowl and she told me not to forget a spoon.
Yo mama so poor, when she farts, her holey underwear whistles.
Yo mama so old, she calls her waterbed the Dead Sea.
Yo mama so skanky, she was asked to leave the OTB.
Yo mama so dumb, she got fired from a blow job.
Yo mama so fat when she rubs her legs together, I smell bacon.
Yo mama so stanky, even the garbage man won't pick her up.
Yo mama so fat when she went to KFC, she ordered the bucket of chicken on the roof.
Yo mama so stupid, she taped toilet paper to her TV set for free paper view.
Yo mama so poor, when she goes to the park, the pigeons throw her bread.
Yo mama so poor, she considers the give-a-penny/take-a-penny cups part of her own "Save Yo' mama" foundation.
Yo mama so ugly, she has to sneak up to water fountains to get a drink.
Yo mama so fat she has to make a long distance call to talk to herself.
Yo mama so fat she wears a vcr as a beeper.
Yo mama so fat she can sit on a t3 cable and make the internet traffic slow right down to 1 bit per day.
Yo mama so ugly, they use her face as a cure for constipation.
Yo mama so fat the recursive function computing her mass causes a stack overflow.
Yo mama so fat when the police showed her a picture of her feet, she couldn't identify them.
Yo mama so fat her boobs squirts out milk.
Yo mama so fat the highway patrol made her wear "Caution! Wide Turn"
Yo mama so ugly it caused Godzilla to go back to the ocean.
Yo moma so fat that when I tried to have sex with her I burned my ass off the lightbulb.
Yo mama so skinny, she used a needle for a baseball bat.
Yo mama so stupid she got trapped in a bathroom and wet her pants!
Yo mama so fat she has to write an apology letter to Japan.
Yo mama so fat she makes Johana Hill look superbad at gaining weight.
Yo mama so old she knew the Virgin Mary when she was 10 and said Lil Mary will never amount to anything.
Yo mama so fat that she's a call of duty map!
Yo mama so stupid... she died of starvation in a grocery store.
Yo mama so black when she gets in the car the oil light turns on.
Yo mama so fat when she is having sex, her partner doesen't know if it's in her butt or her boobs.
Yo mama so fat when you have sex with her you have to slap her stomach and ride the wave in.
Yo mama so fat when she's on an elevator, she has to go down!
Yo mama so fat that when she went to the beach a whale swam up and sang, "We are family, even though you're fatter than me."
Yo mama so old that she's mentioned in the shout out at the end of the bible.
Yo mama so stupid, she told me to meet her on the corner of "walk" and "don't walk."
Yo mama so nasty, Red Lobster kicked her out for bringing her own crabs.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on da toilet it said here's a carrot and a diet coke.
Yo mama so uptight, you need the jaws of life to part her legs.
Yo mama so skanky, her crabs ride dune buggies.
Yo mama so fat politicians fight over redistricting her ass.
Yo mama so poor, her face is on the food stamp.
Yo mama so fat she has a kickstand on her peg leg.
Yo mama so stupid I asked her to buy me a pare of sneakers and she came back with 2 candy bars.
Yo mama so ugly, when I took her to the zoo, the security guard thanked me for bringing her back.
Yo mama so poor when she heard about the last supper, she thought she ran out of food stamps.
Yo mama so black every time she gets in a car the check oil light comes on.
Yo mama so fat that if she wants to go piss the toilet would break!
Yo mama so fat and old when God said, "Let there be light," he asked your mother to move out of the way.
Yo mama so ugly, when she passes by a bathroom the toilet flushes.
Yo mama so stupid somebody said "What's your IQ?" and she said gesundheit.
Yo mama so big she had to carry the VCR as beeper.
Yo mama so ugly, when your dad wants to have sex in the car, he tells her to get out.
Yo mama so ugly, when they took her to the beautician it took 12 hours - for a quote!
Yo mama so flat, paper gets jealous.
Yo mama so ugly, she pretends she's someone else when she's having sex.
Yo mama so ugly that when I showed a picture of my ass they said they are twins!
Yo mama so fat she's on both sides of the family.
Yo mama so ugly, the last time she heard a whistle she got hit by a train.
Yo mama so bald, when she goes to bed, her head slips off the pillow.
Yo mama so stupid, she went to a mind reader and was only charged half price.
Yo mama so fat God told her he had no room in heaven and the devil said there was no room in hell.
Yo mama so fat when the family wants to watch home movies they ask her to wear white.
Yo mama so stupid she locked herself out of her motercycle.
Yo mama so stupid, she called the 7-11 to see when they closed.
Yo mama so ugly, she can look up a camel's butt and scare its hump off.
Yo mama so ugly, the Elephant Man would have paid to see her.
Yo mama so nasty i had phone sex with her and she gave me an earinfection.
Yo mama so fat she uses two greyhound buses as rollerblades.
Yo mama so fat her BMI is measured in acres.
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it!
Yo mama so ugly, she practises birth control by leaving the lights on.
Yo mama so redneck, the door mat to her trailer home doubles as a mad flap for her pick up truck.
Yo mama so stupid when they asked her 1+1 she said "Ouch! it is a long story."
Yo mama has touched more knobs then the gas man.
Yo mama so fat her ass has its own congressman.
Yo mama so skanky, she went to a family reunion looking for a boyfriend.
Yo mama so fat she sat on Big Lots and it turned into Lowes!!!
Yo mama so hairy, last night I confused here with a bush and pissed on her!
Yo mama so bald, when she braids her hair, it looks like stitches.
Yo mama so skanky, her dildo came with jumper cables.
Yo mama so fat and stupid, her waist size is larger than her IQ!
Yo mama so stupid she tried to drown a fish.
Yo mama so fat; she's in two time zones at the same time!
Yo mama so ugly, she got arrested for mooning when she looked out of a window.
Yo mama so fat she got on a scale and it said: One person at a time please!
Yo mama so black when she goes swimming poeple thinks shes and oil spill.
Yo mama so ugly, she has to get her vibrator drunk first.
Yo mama so fat she was baptized in the ocean!
Yo mama so fat when I swerved in my car to get around her, I ran out of petrol.
Yo mama so fat that the last time she farted, a director came up with the movie "Twister".
Yo mama so stanky...when she passes by the toilet it flushes!!!
Yo mama so fat when she walked in front of the television I missed three commercials.
Yo mama so stupid, she cooks with Old Spice.
Yo mama so ugly, her mom had to tie a steak around her neck to get the dog to play with her.
Yo mama so ugly, when she takes her bra off she looks like she has four big toes.
Yo mama so fat she wouldn't fit in 10,000 movie seat's.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to commit suicide by jumping out the basement window.
Yo mama so ugly, she makes onions cry.
Yo mama so hairy when you were born you almost died of rugburn.
Yo mama so fat her belly button looks like a black hole!
Yo mama so stupid she got trapped in a bathroom and wet her pants!
Yo mama so fat her belly button doesn't have lint, it has sweaters.
Yo mama so fat the weather people give names to her farts.
Yo mama so fat when she auditioned for a part in Indiana Jones she got the part of the big rolling ball.
Yo mama so fat her chairs have seat belts.
Yo mama so ugly, her dentist treats her by mail order.
Yo mama so ugly, she got a sex change and the surgeon had to flip a coin.
Yo mama is fat, she got a triple-double chin.
Yo mama so stupid, she gave your uncle a bl*wjob 'cause he said it'd help his unemployment.
Yo mama so stupid, she took the Pepsi challenge and chose Cif.
Yo mama so fat she stood in front of the Hollywood sign and it just said H ---- d.
Yo mama so fat when she looked at the scale she yelled, "Thats not my weight, thats my phone number!"
Yo mama so stupid, she thought "Dunkin' Donuts" was a basketball team.
Yo mama so fat her belt size is the equator.
Yo mama so stupid, it took her an hour to cook instant rice.
Yo mama so fat she uses epileptic boys as vibrators!
Yo mama so skanky, when yo' daddy suggested doggie style, she laid down and licked her balls.
Yo mama so stupid when she heard someone say it was chille outside,she went and grabbed a size 20 bowl.
Yo mama so lactose intolerant, human kindness makes her throw up!
Yo mama so technologically unsavvy, she leaves out pieces of cheese next to the computer!
Yo mama so poor, her tv only has two channels: on and not working.
Yo mama so fat she got stuck in the great outdoors.
Yo mama so fat she couldn't identify a picture of her feet.
Yo mama so stupid that she mourned wen we slaughtered a goat for Cristmas.
Yo mama so ugly, people make jokes about her.
Yo mama so stupid because it too her 2 hours to watch 60 Minutes.
Yo mama so black that when she walked outside the street lights turned on.
Yo mama so fat her driver's license says, 'Picture continued on other side'.
Yo mama so ugly, they put her face on box of laxatives and sold it empty.
Yo mama so stupid she was the reason the walking dead was made.
Yo mama so poor the ducks throw bread at her.
Yo mama so nasty, the animals at the petting zoo make her wear gloves.
Yo mama so stupid, she put two quarters in her ears and thought she was listening to 50 Cent.
Yo mama so stupid, she died before the police arrived because she couldn't find the '11' button in '9-1-1'.
Yo mama so ugly, if she was a scarecrow, the corn would run away.
Yo mama so fat that when she died jesus couldn't lift her soul to heaven.
Yo mama so fat you have to slap her thigh and ride the wave in to have sex with her.
Yo mama so stupid that when I was drowning I yelled out to her that I needed a life saver and she said "Cherry or grape?"
Yo mama so heavy that when she went in the elevator as soon as one foot goes in falls strait to the bottom.
Yo mama so ugly that her birth certificate came with an apology letter from the condom factory.
Yo mama so stupid she tried to make an appointment with Dr.pepper.
Yo mama so stupid she tripped over a cordless phone!
Yo mama so fat she uses transport trucks as roller skates.
Yo mama so stupid, when she went to buy a color television, she left the store because they didn't have one in pink.
Yo mama so ugly, when I walked past your fence, she came out barking.
Yo mama so fat not even Dora can explore her.
Yo mama so loose...when she walks down the street her pussy claps!
Yo mama so fat Jesus can't hold her holy spirit.
Yo mama so stupid, when she was pulled over for drunk driving and asked to walk a line, she said, "Which one?"
Yo mama so ugly, Bob the Builder said: '' holy fuck we can't fix that.''
Yo mama so skinny that she eats a nut and thoughts that she's pregnant...
Yo mama so stupid, when I told her it was chilly outside she ran out with a spoon!
Yo mama so stupid she tried to wake up a sleeping bag.
Yo mama so stupid, when I told her it was chilly outside she ran out with a spoon!
Yo mama so black if she sat in a jacuzy the water turned into coffee.
Yo mama so fat 'Place Your Ad Here' is printed on each of her butt cheeks.
Yo mama so fat she fell off a boat and the captain yelled, 'Land Ho!'
Yo mama so fat when she went to the beach, she was the only one that got a tan.
Yo mama so stupid, when I told her it was chilly outside she ran and got a bowl.
Yo mama so ugly, when she was lying on the beach, the cat tried to bury her.
Yo mama so ugly she scares Chuck Norris!
Yo mama so stupid, she's as useless as a screen door on a submarine.
Yo mama so stupid, she called the police to report a suspicious looking person lurking in her mirror.
Yo mama so flat, pirates can't wait to get their hands her a sunken chest.
Yo mama so fat when she walked past the TV, I missed a two-hour special of "Lost."
Yo mama so Web 2.0, she makes you call her Mothr!
Yo mama so ugly, she not only got hit with the ugly stick, she must have got lost in an ugly forest.
Yo mama so POOR I SEE HER KICKING A CAN DOWN THE ROAD, I SAID "WHAT YAR DOING " SHE SAID "MOVING"!
Yo mama so fat I took a picture of her last month, and it's still printing.
Yo mama so fat even dora cant explore her.
Yo mama so fat when she rides in a hot air balloon, it looks like she's wearing tights!
Yo mama so fat when she went on a cruise, a walrus jumped aboard and started singing 'we are family'.
Yo mama so ugly she made One Direction go another direction.
Yo mama so ugly she made the ugliest person in the world cry.
Yo mama so fat she bounced over Wal-Mart, rolled over KMart, and landed on target.
Yo mama so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up.
Yo mama so fat I took a picture of her last Christmas and its still printing.
Yo mama so stupid when her son said break a leg, she really did.
Yo mama so stupid, she did her dad last night.
Yo mama so fat she sat on a rainbow and skittles popped out.
Yo mama so fat when she got on the scale it said, "I need your weight not your phone number."
Yo mama so stupid she puts a piece of paper on the TV and says, "I'm watching paper-view."
Yo mama so fat and scary, Godzilla watches "yo mamma" movies!
Yo mama so ugly, I can f**k her in any position and it'll still be doggie-style.
Yo mama so hairy, she has to part the hair on her butt to go to the bathroom.
Yo mama so fat after sex, she smokes a turkey.
Yo mama so fat she has to use a telephone pole as a tampon.
Yo mama so ugly, when she was born, her mama called her a treasure, so her daddy offered to bury her.
Yo mama so short, she has to cuff up her panties.
Yo mama so ugly, Freddie Kruger took a paternity test to prove he wasn't her son.
Yo mama so fat she has to use a lawn chair instead of a Thigh Master.
Yo mama so poor when I ring her buzzer she says, "bzzzzzzzzz."
Yo mama so stupid she tried to wake up a sleeping bag.
Yo mama so fat that the last time she farted, a director came up with the movie "Twister".
Yo mama so ugly when she tried to join an ugly contest they said, "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama so fat her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo mama so black she went to night school and got marked absent.
Yo mama so stupid, she ordered her sushi well done.
Yo mama so stupid, she put lipstick on her forehead, because she wanted to make up her mind.
Yo mama so stupid, she took a ruler to bed to see how long she slept.
Yo mama so stupid, when she went to a movie and it said, 'Under 17 not admitted', she went home to find 16 relatives.
Yo mama so ugly, yo daddy takes her to work just so he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!"
Yo mama so stanky, she gets sourdough yeast infections.
Yo mama so fat she was walking down the street, tripped and broke her leg and gravy rolled out.
Yo mama so fat she fell and made the Grand Canyon!
Yo mama so loose it's like throwing a hotdog down a hallway.
Yo mama so fat that it's still printing her picture she took during her last Christmas.
Yo mama so fat when she sat on WALMART she lowered the price.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought a ribbed condom was soul food.
Yo mama so fat she walked across the dance-floor...and the band skipped!
Yo mama so stupid when she licked a dog she said meow.
Yo mama so stupid she bought a solar-powered flashlight!
Yo mama so stupid she sits on the TV, and watches the couch!
Yo mama so skanky, her idea of safe sex is to lock the car doors.
Yo mama so fat she's got more chins than a Hong Kong phonebook.
Yo mama so stupid, when her batteries die, she buries them.
Yo mama so stupid, she climbed a glass wall to see what was on the other side.
Yo mama so fat people use her butt cheeks for a ski slope.
Yo mama so fat when the cops see her on a street corner, they yell, "Hey you guys, break it up!"
Yo mama so fat when she visits the doctor, they need a forklift to get her on the examining table.
Yo mama so short she poses for trophies!
Yo mama so ugly when she smiles her face hurts.
Yo mama so ugly, her shadow quit.
Yo mama so fat that when she goes walking on the beach in heals she strikes oil.
Yo mama so fat at the zoo, the elephants started throwing her peanuts.
Yo mama so fat that she has to buy three airline tickets for her flight.
Yo mama so poor, I saw her kicking a can down the street and I asked her, "What are you doing?" and she said, "Moving".
Yo mama so fat when she Bungie jumps she goes straight to hell.
Yo mama so fat she puts insurance on her food.
Yo mama so fat when she goes swimming in the ocean she gets harpooned.
Yo mama so stupid, she thought Meow Mix was a rap CD for cats.
Yo mama so fat you cant tell if she got a penis or a vagina.
Yo mama so fat that she is called America.
Yo mama so fat if she falls it's defcon zero.
Yo mama so black when she went outside the street lights turned on!
Yo mama so fat her shadow is used for the witness protection program.
Yo mama so fat she brought on world hunger.
Yo mama so ugly, her face looks like a horse's ass flapping in the breeze.
Yo mama so ugly, the only difference between her face and a bag of crap is the bag.
Yo mama so nasty, she can sit on a lollipop and guess its flavor.
Yo mama so poor, I went to her place for dinner the other day, and when I asked what we were having, she put her foot up on the table and said "corn !".
Yo mama so old, I slit her throat and dust came out!
Yo mama so poor, she only goes to the grocery store for free samples.
Yo mama so stupid, she tried to put the leftover orange juice back in the rind.
Yo mama so poor, she goes to Kentucky Fried Chicken to lick other people's fingers.
Yo mama so poor, she does a drive-by from the bus.
Yo mama so old, she has sour cream in her boobs.
Yo mama so old her social security number is 3!
Yo mama so old, I slapped her in the back and her titties fell out.
Yo mama so poor, rainbows in her neighborhood are black and white.
Yo mama so nasty, she put a cucumber in her panties and pulled out a pickle.
Yo mama so ugly, her pillows cry at night.
Yo mama so ugly she reminds me SUN, is hard to look at her.
Yo mama so stupid, she invented a ventilated condom.
Yo mama so fat she stepped on a weight machine and someone said "hey that's my phone number"!
Yo mama so ugly when she look in the mirror it shattered.
Yo mama so fat yo' daddy needs a Sherpa to help get him on top.
Yo mama so stupid, she smashed open her TV hoping to find a TV dinner.
Yo mama so stupid, she voted for a pit bull wearing lipstick.
Yo mama so poor, she fills her ice trays with toilet water!
Yo mama so fat when she did a cartwheel, she kicked an angel in the nuts.
Yo mama so ugly, she's going to be in trouble when the baboon wants its ass back.
Yo mama so ugly, when she looks in the mirror her reflection ducks.
Yo mama so ugly, when she walks in the kitchen, the rats jump on the table and start screaming.
Yo mama so stupid, when she lost her dildo she called the cops to look for it.
Yo mama so ugly that she made all her blind kids cry.
Yo mama so stupid, she thinks Johnny Cash is a pay toilet.
Yo mama so stupid she stab her self with a shooting gun.
Yo mama so fat that her bellybutton gets home 15 minutes before she does.
Yo mama so fat that when she was diagnosed with a flesh-eating disease, the doctor gave her ten years to live.
Yo mama so fat that the National Weather Service names each one of her farts.
Yo mama so fat that when she wears a yellow raincoat, people yell "taxi!"
Yo mama so fat and dumb that the only reason she opened her email was because she heard it contained spam.
Yo mama so fat she threw on a sheet for Halloween and went as Antarctica.
Yo mama so fat that she looked up cheat codes for Wii Fit
Yo mama so fat that the only exercise she gets is when she chases the ice cream truck.
Yo mama so fat that she sat on a dollar and squeezed a booger out George Washington's nose.
Yo mama so fat that when she gets in an elevator, it has to go down.
Yo mama so fat that when her beeper goes off, people think she's backing up.
Yo mama so fat that she has to iron her pants on the driveway.
Yo mama so fat that she left the house in high heels and came back wearing flip flops.
Yo mama so fat that people jog around her for exercise.
Yo mama so fat that she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for the New World.
Yo mama so fat that when she walked in front of the TV, I missed 3 seasons of Breaking Bad.
Yo mama so fat that you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through!
Yo mama so fat that that when she sits on the beach, Greenpeace shows up and tries to tow her back into the ocean...
Yo mama so fat that when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too.
Yo mama so fat that when she talks to herself, its a long distance call.
Yo mama so fat that the last time she saw 90210, it was on a scale.
Yo mama so fat that light bends around her.
Yo mama so fat that I took a picture of her last Christmas and it's still printing!
Yo mama so fat that when she sat on Wal-Mart, she lowered the prices.
Yo mama so fat that when she sat on an iphone, it turned into an ipad.
Yo mama so fat that even god can't lift her spirit.
Yo mama so fat that she gets group insurance.
Yo mama so fat that she was zoned for commercial development.
Yo mama so fat that she walked into the Gap and filled it.
Yo mama so fat that she comes at you from all directions.
Yo mama so fat that when she climbed onto a diving board at the beach, the lifeguard told your dad "sorry, you can't park here".
Yo mama so fat that her cereal bowl came with a lifeguard.
Yo mama so fat that she looks like shes smuggling a Volkswagen. 
Yo mama so fat that when she got her shoes shined, she had to take the guys word for it.
Yo mama so fat that when she sings, its over for everybody.
Yo mama so fat that when she ran away, they had to use all four sides of the milk carton to display her picture.
Yo mama so fat that when she was growing up she didnt play with dolls, she played with midgets.
Yo mama so fat that she uses two buses for roller-blades.
Yo mama so fat she blew up the Deathstar.
Yo mama so fat that when its time to take the subway no one else can come on!
Yo mama so fat she's "Large, Single, and ready to Pringle."
Yo mama so fat if you had a dollar for every pound she weighed you could pay down the national debt.
Yo mama so fat I use her as a queen size mattress and she doesn't even know it.
Yo mama so fat and greasy she uses bacon as a bandaid.
Yo mama so fat that when she goes to a buffet, she gets the group rate.
Yo mama so fat that she has to put her belt on with a boomerang.
Yo mama so fat that she broke the Stairway to Heaven.
Yo mama so fat that she doesnt eat with a fork, she eats with a forklift.
Yo mama so fat that the last time the landlord saw her, he doubled the rent.
Yo mama so fat that Weight Watchers wont look at her.
Yo mama so fat that the highway patrol made her wear a sign saying "Caution! Wide Turn".
Yo mama so fat that when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE!
Yo mama so fat that when she steps on a scale, it reads "one at a time, please".
Yo mama so fat that she fell in love and broke it.
Yo mama so fat that when she gets on the scale it says "We don't do livestock".
Yo mama so fat that when she tripped on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th.
Yo mama so fat that God couldn't light the Earth until she moved!
Yo mama so fat that even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction!
Yo mama so fat that she has to pull down her pants to get into her pockets.
Yo mama so fat that she was born on the fourth, fifth, and sixth of June.
Yo mama so fat that she could fall down and wouldnt even know it.
Yo mama so fat that the sign inside one restaurant says, Maximum occupancy: 300, or Yo momma.
Yo mama so fat that she puts mayonnaise on aspirin.
Yo mama so fat that she was born with a silver shovel in her mouth.
Yo mama so fat that when she hauls ass, she has to make two trips.
Yo mama so fat that she had to go to Sea World to get baptized.
Yo mama so fat that her bellybuttons got an echo.
Yo mama so fat that when she turns around people throw her a welcome back party.
Yo mama so fat that her belly button doesnt have lint, it has sweaters.
Yo mama so fat that a picture of her would fall off the wall.
Yo mama so fat that when she takes a shower, her feet dont get wet.
Yo mama so fat that she puts on her lipstick with a paint-roller!
Yo mama so fat that she could sell shade.
Yo mama so fat that I ran around her twice and got lost.
Yo mama so fat that the shadow of her butt weighs 100 pounds.
Yo mama so fat that when shes standing on the corner police drive by and yell, Hey, break it up. 
Yo mama so fat that her blood type is Ragu.
Yo mama so fat that when she runs the fifty-yard dash she needs an overnight bag.
Yo mama so fat that she cant even fit into an AOL chat room.
Yo mama so fat when she goes skydiving she doesn't use a parachute to land, she uses a twin-engine plane!
Yo mama so fat MTX audio's subwoofers couldn't rattle her bones!
Yo mama so fat her headphones are a pair of PA speakers connected to a car amplifier.
Yo mama so fat that she doesnt have a tailor, she has a contractor.
Yo mama so fat that eating contests have banned her because she is unfair competition.
Yo mama so fat that she measures 36-24-36, and the other arm is just as big.
Yo mama so fat that she gets her toenails painted at Luckys Auto Body.
Yo mama so fat that when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER!
Yo mama so fat that when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!
Yo mama so fat that she has more Chins than a Chinese phone book!
Yo mama so fat that she influences the tides.
Yo mama so fat that when she plays hopscotch, she goes "New York, L.A., Chicago..."
Yo mama so fat that NASA has to orbit a satellite around her!
Yo mama so fat that when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo.
Yo mama so fat that they have to grease the bath tub to get her out!
Yo mama so fat that she's on both sides of the family!
Yo mama so fat that at the zoo, the elephants throw HER peanuts.
Yo mama is so fat when she walked in her new house the first thing she saw was the basement.
Yo mama so fat when she stands in a left-turn lane it gives her the green arrow!
Yo mama so fat they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it.
Yo mama so fat you have to roll over twice to get off her.
Yo mama so fat that she sets off car alarms when she runs.
Yo mama so fat that she cant reach into her back pocket.
Yo mama so fat that she has her own gravity field.
Yo mama so fat that she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles.
Yo mama so fat that the only pictures you have of her were taken by satellite cameras.
Yo mama so fat that when she wears a "Malcolm X" T-shirt, helicopters try to land on her back!
Yo mama so fat that it took Usain Bolt 3 years to run around her.
Yo mama so fat that she sweats more than a dog in a chinese restaurant.
Yo mama so fat that went she stepped in the water, Thailand had to declare another tsunami warning.
Yo mama so fat that that she cant tie her own shoes.
Yo mama so fat that when she lays on the beach, people run around yelling Free Willy.
Yo mama so fat that she uses redwoods to pick her teeth
Yo mama so fat that she cut her leg and gravy poured out
Yo mama so fat that she was in the Macys Thanksgiving Day Parade... wearing ropes.
Yo mama so fat that she went on a light diet. As soon as its light she starts eating.
Yo mama so fat that shes half Italian, half Irish, and half American.
Yo mama so fat that her waist size is the Equator.
Yo mama so fat that she cant even jump to a conclusion.
Yo mama so fat that she uses a mattress for a tampon.
Yo mama so fat that when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock at me?"
Yo mama so fat that we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay for her because we dressed her up as a Toyota.
Yo mama so fat that when she was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks.
Yo mama so fat that she was cut from the cast of E.T., because she caused an eclipse when she rode the bike across the moon.
Yo mama so fat that when you get on top of her your ears pop.
Yo mama so fat that she got hit by a car and had to go to the hospital to have it removed.
Yo mama so fat that she eats "Wheat Thicks".
Yo mama so fat that we're in her right now!
Yo mama so fat that she went to the movie theatre and sat next to everyone.
Yo mama so fat that she has been declared a natural habitat for condors.
Yo mama so fat that when she wants to shake someones hand, she has to give directions!
Yo mama so fat that even Dora can't explore her!
Yo mama so fat that when she gets on the scale it says "to be continued".
Yo mama so fat that when she goes to a resturant, she looks at the menu and says "okay!"
Yo mama so fat that even Chuck Norris couldn't run around her.
Yo mama so fat that her neck looks like a dozen hot dogs!
Yo mama so fat that when she bungee jumps she goes straight to hell!
Yo mama so fat that she's got her own area code!
Yo mama so fat that she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon!
Yo mama so fat that she has to buy three airline tickets.
Yo mama so fat that whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in!
Yo mama so fat that she's got Amtrak written on her leg.
Yo mama so fat that her legs are like spoiled milk - white & chunky!
Yo mama so fat that I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side!
Yo mama so fat that she wakes up in sections!
Yo mama so fat all she wants for Christmas is to see her feet.
Yo mama so fat that when she lies on the beach no one else gets any sun!
Yo mama so fat that that her senior pictures had to be taken from a helicopter!
Yo mama so fat that everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil!
Yo mama so fat that she fell and created the Grand Canyon!
Yo mama so fat that her butt drags on the ground and kids yell - "there goes santa claus with his bag of toys!"
Yo mama so fat that even her clothes have stretch marks!
Yo mama so fat that she has to use a VCR as a beeper!
Yo mama so fat that when she asked for a waterbed, they put a blanket over the ocean!
Yo mama so fat that she got hit by a parked car!
Yo mama so fat that they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping.
Yo mama so fat that when we were playing Call of Duty, I got a 20 kill streak for killing her.
Yo mama so fat that Dracula got Type 2 Diabetes after biting her neck.
Yo mama so fat that when she visited Toronto's City Hall, she was arrested for attempting to smuggle 500 lbs of crack into Mayor Rob Ford's office.
Yo mama so fat that when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again.
Yo mama so fat that that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas.
Yo mama so fat that when she went to church and sat on a bible, Jesus came out and said "LET MY PEOPLE GO!"
Yo mama so fat that when she dances at a concert the whole band skips.
Yo mama so fat that she stands in two time zones.
Yo mama so fat that she went to the fair and the kids thought she was a bouncy castle.
Yo mama so fat that when she goes to an all you can eat buffet, they have to install speed bumps.
Yo mama so fat that the camera TAKES AWAY 10 lbs from her appearance.
Yo mama so fat that her sedan can fit 5 people... or just Yo mama with the front seats removed.
Yo mama so fat that when she went to seaworld the whales started singing "We Are Family".
Yo mama so fat that she fell out of both sides of her bed.
Yo mama so fat that the stripes on her pajamas never end.
Yo mama so fat Al Gore accuses her of global warning everytime she farts!
Yo mama so fat that she's got every caterer in the city on speed dial!
Yo mama so fat that when she goes on a scale, it shows her own phone number.
Yo mama so fat that she doesn't need the internet - she's worldwide.
Yo mama so fat that when she goes on a scale, it reads "lose some weight".
Yo mama so fat that she doesn't get dreams, she gets movies!
Yo mama so fat that when she walks, she changes the earth's rotation!
Yo mama so fat that when she took a selfie, Instagram crashed.
Yo mama so fat that when she fell down the stairs, I wasn't laughing but the stairs were cracking up.
Yo mama so fat it took 3 years for Nationwide to get on her side.
Yo mama so fat her idea of dieting is deleting the cookies from the internet cache.
Yo mama so fat she has mass regardless of whether the Higgs Boson exists or not.
Yo mama so fat I bumped into her and said "Sorry, my mistake." And she said "Did you just say steak?!"
Yo mama so fat that she uses the entire country of Mexico as her tanning bed.
Yo mama so ugly that when she went to a beautician it took 12 hours... to get a quote!
Yo mama so ugly that she looked out the window and got arrested for mooning.
Yo mama so ugly that people go as her for Halloween.
Yo mama so ugly that she turned Medusa to stone!
Yo mama so ugly that the government moved Halloween to her birthday!
Yo mama so ugly that she scares the roaches away.
Yo mama so ugly that she scared the crap out of the toilet.
Yo mama so ugly that... well... look at you!
Yo mama so ugly that when she looks in the mirror, the reflection looks back and shakes its head.
Yo mama so ugly that she looks like she's been in a dryer filled with rocks.
Yo mama so ugly that she makes blind children cry.
Yo mama so ugly that she climbed the ugly ladder and didn't miss a step.
Yo mama so ugly that the last time I saw something that looked like her, I pinned a tail on it.
Yo mama so ugly that we put her in the kennel when we go on vacation.
Yo mama so ugly that her shadow ran away from her.
Yo mama so ugly that she could scare the flies off a shit wagon.
Yo mama so ugly that her birth certificate contained an apology letter from the condom factory.
Yo mama so ugly that that your father takes her to work with him so that he doesn't have to kiss her goodbye.
Yo mama so ugly that she tried to take a bath and the water jumped out!
Yo mama so ugly that when she walks down the street in September, people say "Wow, is it Halloween already?"
Yo mama so ugly that her mom had to be drunk to breast feed her.
Yo mama so ugly that when she walks into a bank, they turn off the surveillence cameras.
Yo mama so ugly that they didn't give her a costume when she auditioned for Star Wars.
Yo mama so ugly that even Rice Krispies won't talk to her!
Yo mama so ugly that when she uploaded a photo of herself to a computer, it was rejected by the anti-virus software.
Yo mama so ugly that when she joined an ugly contest, they said "Sorry, no professionals."
Yo mama so ugly that she could make a freight train take a dirt road.
Yo mama so ugly that that when she sits in the sand on the beach, cats try to bury her.
Yo mama so ugly that when she drove past area 51, she was thought to be extraterrestrial life. They took her away never to be seen again.
Yo mama so ugly that they pay her to put her clothes on in strip joints
Yo mama so ugly that you have to tie a steak around her neck so the dog will play with her!
Yo mama so ugly that just after she was born, her mother said "What a treasure!" and her father said "Yes, let's go bury it."
Yo mama so ugly that she made an onion cry!
Yo mama so ugly that when I last saw a mouth like hers, it had a hook in it.
Yo mama so ugly that she gets 364 extra days to dress up for Halloween!
Yo mama so ugly that when she plays Mortal Kombat, Scorpion tells her to "Stay Over There!"
Yo mama so ugly that neither Jacob nor Edward want her on their team.
Yo mama so ugly that they push her face into dough to make gorilla cookies.
Yo mama so ugly that when she goes to the therapist, he makes her lie on the couch face down.
Yo mama so ugly that she gives Freddy Kreuger nightmares.
Yo mama so ugly that when she walks in the kitchen, the rats jump on the table and start screaming.
Yo mama so ugly that even Bill Clinton wouldn't sleep with her.
Yo mama so ugly that when she was born, the doctor slapped her AND her parents!
Yo mama so ugly that she didn't get hit with the ugly stick, she got hit by the whole damn tree.
Yo mama so ugly that she has 7 years bad luck just trying to look at herself in the mirror.
Yo mama so ugly that she practices birth control by leaving the lights on.
Yo mama so ugly that she threw a boomerang and it wouldn't even come back.
Yo mama so ugly that she'd scare the monster out of Loch Ness.
Yo mama so ugly that it looks like she's been bobbing for french fries.
Yo mama so ugly that her pillow cries at night.
Yo mama so ugly that people at the circus pay money not to see her.
Yo mama so ugly that when she looks in the mirror it says "viewer discretion is advised."
Yo mama so ugly that she can look up a camel's butt and scare the hump off of it.
Yo mama so ugly that when she moved into the projects, all her neighbors chipped in for curtains.
Yo mama so ugly that Santa pays an elf to drop off her gifts at Christmas.
Yo mama so ugly that people hang her picture in their cars so their radios don't get stolen.
Yo mama so ugly that I took her to a haunted house and she came out with a job application.
Yo mama so ugly that if she was a scarecrow, the corn would run away.
Yo mama so ugly that she could be the poster child for birth control.
Yo mama so ugly that I took her to the zoo, guy at the door said "Thanks for bringing her back."
Yo mama so ugly that when she went to Taco Bell everyone ran for the border.
Yo mama so ugly that her face is blurred on her driver's license.
Yo mama so ugly that when she walked out of her house, the neighbours called animal control.
Yo mama so ugly that the FCC requires her face to be blurred when she's on TV, because of decency rules.
Yo mama so ugly that a sculpture of her face is used when torturing prisoners at Guantanamo Bay.
Yo mama so ugly that government intelligence agencies have to pixelize her face when spying on her.
Yo mama so ugly that she's never seen herself 'cause the mirrors keep breaking.
Yo mama so ugly that it looks like someone did the stanky leg dance on her face.
Yo mama so ugly that when she was born she was put in an incubator with tinted windows.
Yo mama so ugly that she put the Boogie Man out of business!
Yo mama so ugly that she made Barack Obama lose hope!
Yo mama so short that you can see her feet on her drivers license! 
Yo mama so short that she has to use a ladder to pick up a dime. 
Yo mama so short that she does backflips under the bed. 
Yo mama so short that she models for trophys. 
Yo mama so short that her homies are the Keebler Elfs. 
Yo mama so short that she has to get a running start to get up on the toilet. 
Yo mama so short that when she sneezes, she hits her head on the floor. 
Yo mama so short that she does pull-ups on a staple. 
Yo mama so short that she can do push-ups under the door.
Yo mama so short that when I was dissin' her she tried to jump kick me in the ankle. 
Yo mama so short that she can limbo under the door. 
Yo mama so short that she uses a condom for a sleeping bag. 
Yo mama so short that she slam-dunks her bus fare. 
Yo mama so short that she has to look up to look down. 
Yo mama so short that she makes Gary Coleman look like Shaquille O'Neal. 
Yo mama so short, you can make a life size sculpture of her using one can of Play-Doh. 
Yo mama so short that when she sat on the curb her feet didn't touch the ground. 
Yo mama so short that she can play handball on the curb.
Yo mama so dirty that that she was banned from a sewage facility because of sanitation concerns. 
Yo mama so dirty that she makes mud look clean. 
Yo mama so dirty that that you can't tell where the dirt stops and she begins. 
Yo mama so dirty that she has to creep up on bathwater. 
Yo mama so dirty that she loses weight in the shower. 
Yo mama so dirty that even Swamp Thing told her to take a shower. 
Yo mama so dirty that the US Government uses her bath water as a chemical weapon. 
Yo mama so dirty that when she tried to take a bath, the water jumped out and said "I'll wait." 
Yo mama so nasty that she has more rappers in her than an iPod. 
Yo mama so nasty that she makes speed stick slow down. 
Yo mama so nasty that she brings crabs to the beach. 
Yo mama so nasty that that pours salt water down her pants to keep her crabs fresh. 
Yo mama so nasty that the fishery pays her to stay away. 
Yo mama so nasty she looks like an ogre and smells like puss in boots 
Yo mama so nasty, she dropped her toothbrush in the toilet and we had to get a new toilet. 
Yo mama so nasty, I shoke her hand and she gave me gonnorhea 
Yo mama so nasty, the roaches in her house ask to be sprayed 
Yo mama so nasty, she was playing in a sand box and a cat came along and buried her. 
Yo mama so nasty, she went swimming and made the Dead Sea. 
Yo mama so nasty and smells so bad, that she was entered in the hunger games and won within 30 seconds. 
Yo mama so nasty that crabs use her as a hideout. 
Yo mama so nasty that she only changes her drawers once every 10000 miles. 
Yo mama so nasty that a skunk smelled her breath and passed out. 
Yo mama so nasty that I chatted with her on MSN and she gave me a virus. 
Yo mama so nasty that her tits leak sour milk. 
Yo mama so nasty that she has to use Right Guard and Left Guard. 
Yo mama so nasty that she bit the dog and gave it rabies.
Yo mama so nasty that she has a sign by her crotch that says: "Warning: May cause irritation, drowsiness, and a rash or breakouts." 
Yo mama so nasty that she's got more clap than an auditorium. 
Yo mama so nasty that she calls Janet "Miss Jackson." 
Yo mama so nasty that she has more crabs then Red Lobster. 
Yo mama so nasty that she made right guard turn left. 
Yo mama so nasty that I when I talked to her on the phone, she gave me an ear infection. 
Yo mama so nasty that next to her a skunk smells sweet. 
Yo mama so nasty that her shit is glad to escape. 
Yo mama so nasty that when you were being delivered, the doctor was wearing the oxygen mask. 
Yo mama so nasty that every time she opens her mouth she's talking shit. 
Yo mama so nasty that even dogs won't sniff her crotch. 
Yo mama so nasty that the only dis I want to give her is a disinfectant.
Yo mama so nasty that her crabs use her tampon string as a bungee cord. 
Yo mama so greasy that she uses bacon as a band-aid! 
Yo mama so greasy that she sweats Crisco! 
Yo mama so greasy that Texaco buys Oil from her. 
Yo mama so greasy that she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead. 
Yo mama so greasy that her freckles slipped off. 
Yo mama so greasy that if Crisco had a football team, she'd be the mascot. 
Yo mama so greasy that she squeezes Crisco from her hair to bake cookies. 
Yo mama so greasy that she's labeled as an ingredient in Crisco. 
Yo mama so greasy that you could fry a chicken dinner for 12 on her forehead. 
Yo mama so greasy that I buttered my popcorn with her leg hairs. 
Yo mama so dirty, when a seed gets stuck in her ass crack it beings to grow! 
Yo mama so dirty, she jumped in a river and created a mud slide! 
Yo mama so dirty, when the wind blows people yell "Sand Storm!!!" 
Yo mama so greasy, on hot days she cooks bacon strips on her ass cheeks!


Yo mama so fat she left the house in high heels and when she came back she had on flip flops. 
Yo mama so fat she sat on an iPhone and turned it into an iPad 
Yo mama so fat she went to KFC to get a bucket of chicken they asked her what size and she said the one on the roof 
Yo mama so fat she sued xbox 360 for guessing her weight 
Yo mama so fat that she dont need the internet she's already world wide 
Yo mama so fat that I ran out of gas trying to drive around her. 
Yo mama so fat that she gave draclua diabeties 
Yo mama so fat when she twerk, she became a wrecking ball. 
Yo mama so fat shes on both sides of the family 
Yo mama so fat everytime she walks she does the harlem shake 
Yo mama so fat she went to Mcdonalds and they had to call Wendys for backup. 
Yo mama so fat I bumped into her and said "Sorry, my mistake." And she said "Did you just say steak?!" 
Yo mama So Fat she has mass whether the Higgs Boson exists or not. 
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a dollar bill she squeezed a booger out of George Washingtons nose 
Yo mama so fat all she wanted for christmas is to see her feet 
Yo mama so fat she went to Mcdonalds tripped over Burger King and landed on Wendy's! 
Yo mama so fat that when she sat of Home Depot it became Lowes. 
Yo mama so fat even Meghan Trainor made an exception and called her "treble". 
Yo mama so fat that the National Weather Service named each of her farts. 
Yo mama so fat when she was diagnosed with a flesh eating disease, the doctors gave her 10 years to live! 
Yo mama so fat that when she fell down the stairs, I wasn't laughing but the stairs were cracking up. 
Yo mama so fat she has two watches one for each time zone she's in. 
Yo mama so fat that when she took a selfie, Instagram crashed. 
Yo mama so fat she enjoys long romantic walks to the refrigerator. 
Yo mama so fat when she stepped on the scale, the doctor said "Holy Crap, That's My Phone Number" 
Yo mama so greasy and fat she uses bacon as a bandaid 
Yo mama so fat she can devour a Big Mac in two bites. 
Yo mama so fat, her Apple Watch is and iPad Pro on a rope. 
Yo mama so fat she ate a whole Pizza....Hut. 
Yo mama so fat I use her as a queen size matress and she doesn't even know it 
Yo mama so fat Burger King hired her because she eats cows and shits hamburgers. 
Yo mama so fat that even Dora couldn't explore her 
Yo mama so fat that she gets free WiFi. Because she's already world wide 
Yo mama so fat she's "Large, Single, and ready to Pringle." 
Yo mama so fat that when she wore a blue dress everybody thought that the "sky was fallin" 
Yo mama so fat that her Polo shirt had a real horse on it. 
Yo mama so fat Joran van der Sloot couldn't make her body disappear. 
Yo mama so fat she uses Google Earth to take a selfie. 
Yo mama so fat her job with Hostess is why they went out of business 
Yo mama so fat when she sat on my iPad she made a flat screen tv! 
Yo mama so fat she just had a baby and said it was delicious 
Yo mama so fat her blood type is Nutella. 
Yo mama so fat that her only friend on Facebook is McDonald's. 
Yo mama so fat she went to a restaurant and got the group discount 
Yo mama so fat she sat on the TV while you were watching Family Guy and Brian the dog died. 
Yo mama so fat her idea of dieting is deleting the cookies from the internet cache. 
Yo mama so fat that when someone called her fat, she ate him 
Yo mama so fat the police use her as a road blocker. 
Yo mama so fat you have to grease the door frame and hold a twinkie on the other side just to get her through 
Yo mama so fat sets off car alarms when she runs. 
Yo mama so fat that when she wears a Orange jumpsuit and walks up the hill, people think the sun is rising 
Yo mama so fat she sat on Walmart and lowered the prices 
Yo mama so fat she blocks the WiFi signal 
Yo mama so fat she lays on the beach and greenpeace tried to push her back in the water 
Yo mama so fat the only pictures you have of her are satellite pictures 
Yo mama so fat it took 3 years for Nationwide to get on her side. 
Yo mama so fat everytime she starts singing people leave. 
Yo mama so fat she gets confronted every time she drinks or smokes because everyone thinks shes pregnant. 
Yo mama so fat she masterbates to the food channel 
Yo mama so fat the government shut her down along with the rest of the national parks. 
Yo mama so fat she jumped in the air and got stuck. 
Yo mama so fat she had a nice personality, but ate it. 
Yo mama so fat when she bent over and showed her crack the grand canyon said "DAMMMMMMMMMMN" 
Yo mama so fat she can do the truffle shuffle better than Chunk in "The Goonies" 
Yo mama so fat they found carmen san diego in between one of her chins 
Yo mama so fat she curves space and time. 
Yo mama so fat she put on some BVD's and by the time they reached her waist they spelled out boulevard. 
Yo mama so fat she stepped on a rainbow and made Skittles. 
Yo mama so fat then when she fell from her bed she fell from both sides 
Yo mama so fat that she would have been in E.T., but when she rode the bike across the moon, she caused an eclipse. 
Yo mama so fat she was baptised in the ocean. 
Yo mama so FAT, she was born on the fourth, fifth, and sixth of June. 
Yo mama so fat I told her to haul ass & she hadda make two trips. 
Yo mama so fat that a part of her is a citizen in every country. 
Yo mama so fat that I couldn't take a picture of her because I didn't bring my wide angle lenses. 
Yo mama so fat when she gets in an elevator, it HAS to go down. 
Yo mama so fat she has to iron her clothes in the driveway. 
Yo mama so fat when she walked in her new house the first thing she saw was the basement 
Yo mama so fat they tie a rope around her shoulders and drag her through a tunnel when they want to clean it. 
Yo mama so fat when she got hit by a bus, she said, "Who threw that rock?" 
Yo mama so fat when she stands in a left-turn lane it gives her the green arrow! 
Yo mama so fat that when whe was born, she gave the hospital stretch marks. 
Yo mama so fat when she is having sex, her partner doesen't know if it's in her butt or her boobs! 
Yo mama so fat we went to the drive-in and didn't have to pay because we dressed her as a Chevrolet. 
Yo mama so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up 
Yo mama so fat she eats Wheat Thicks. 
Yo mama so fat were in her right now 
Yo mama so fat people jog around her for exercise 
Yo mama so fat she wears neck deorderant 
Yo mama so fat she has pork rind incense burning in her house 
Yo mama so fat her favorite basketball team is the Denver Nuggets 
Yo mama so fat when she sits on the beach she makes sandpaper 
Yo mama so fat she wears a sock on each toe 
Yo mama so fat her DNA is DRO (for Dorito) 
Yo mama so fat she got a bath from the cooking channel 
Yo mama so fat she went to the movies and sat next to everyone 
Yo mama so fat you haveta roll over twice to get off her... 
Yo mama so fat she was floating in the ocean and Spain claimed her for then new world 
Yo mama so fat when you get on top of her your ears pop! 
Yo mama so fat she straps an iPad on her arm before every run 
Yo mama so fat the army stole her underwear to use as parachutes 
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat, people said "Taxi!" 
Yo mama so fat she had to go to Sea World to get baptized 
Yo mama so fat in the summer, people use her belly button as a swimming pool. 
Yo mama so fat her shits are as long as king kongs finger 
Yo mama so fat if she was bricks she'd be a housing project. 
Yo mama so fat she got to iron her pants on the driveway "
Yo mama so fat your daddy got squished in the process!" 
Yo mama so fat that she can't fit in this joke. 
Yo mama so fat she puts insurance on her food 
Yo mama so fat she can hear bacon cooking in Canada 
Yo mama so fat she aint got cellulite she got celluheavy 
Yo mama so fat she traded fit for fat 
Yo mama so fat she did a belly flop and 2 weeks later they found water on Mars. 
Yo mama so fat if she was a dinosaur, her name would be Jell-Osaurus Rex. 
Yo mama so fat she put on her lipstick with a paint-roller 
Yo mama so fat for Halloween she put on a white sheet and came as Antarctica. 
Yo mama so fat NASA thought she caused a solar eclipse 
Yo mama so fat I could travel halfway across the world and still see her shadow 
Yo mama so fat her cereal bowl comes with a life guard. 
Yo mama so fat her patronus is a cake. 
Yo mama so fat she has to wear her pants backwards, because her front butt is bigger 
Yo mama so fat when she got in front of the HOLLYWOOD sign you could only see H-D 
Yo mama so fat the national weather service gives a name to each one of her farts. 
Yo mama so fat she needs a steamroller to iron her clothes. 
Yo mama so fat they call her the "Great Shoe-dini" because she can turn high heels into flip flops. 
Yo mama so fat her favorite pirate is chips ahoy. 
Yo mama so fat the horse on her shirt is real 
Yo mama so fat when the judge said "Order in the Court!" she said "Pie and chips please!" 
Yo mama so fat she got to pull down her pants to get into her pockets 
Yo mama so fat she was born in space and from then on she was know as Pluto (until they discoverd she wasnt a planet!) 
Yo mama so fat she shits lard 
Yo mama her porta potty is bigger than my house 
Yo mama so fat when she tripped over on 4th Ave, she landed on 12th 
Yo mama so fat when she bungee jumps, she brings down the bridge too 
Yo mama so fat the highway patrol made her wear "Caution! Wide Turn" 
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a penny and Abraham Lincolin said ouch. 
Yo mama so fat when she sits around the house, she SITS AROUND THE HOUSE! 
Yo mama so fat the only way she burns calories is when her food catches on fire 
Yo mama so fat she entered the Hunger Games and won all 75 of them 
Yo mama so fat she's the reason African kids are starving 
Yo mama so fat that when I tried to take a picture off her, I had to get a mile away. 
Yo mama so fat that when she got into the ocean Thailand declared another tsunami warning. please" 
Yo mama so fat when she steps on a scale, it read "one at a time, please" 
Yo mama so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo. 
Yo mama so fat even penguins are jealous of the way she waddles. 
Yo mama so fat when she drives a car people shout "hey its the fat and the furious!" 
Yo mama so fat when I stabbed her in the stomach the whole McDonalds value meal came out of her 
Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued. 
Yo mama so fat she blew out both her tires on her roller skates 
Yo mama so fat she ate all the lunch meat, and didn't bother to pack your lunch. 
Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says we don't do livestock. 
Yo mama so fat when she went to sign up for Survivor, they said "Sorry we already have an island." 
Yo mama so fat she dont skinny dip she chunky dunks 
Yo mama so fat Yo father no longer finds her attractive and its destroying their marriage. 
Yo mama so fat her neck looks like a pack of hot dogs! 
Yo mama so fat she's got her own area code! 
Yo mama so fat she looks like she's smuggling a Volkswagon! 
Yo mama so fat when God said let there be light, he asked her to move out of the way 
Yo mama so fat she's got more chins than a Hong Kong phonebook 
Yo mama so fat that when she sits on the toilet it starts saying a,b,c,d,e,f,g,get your fat ass off of me 
Yo mama so fat the only time she saw 90210 is when she stepped on a scale 
Yo mama so fat NASA has to orbit a satellite around her! 
Yo mama so fat she stuffed a turkey with her fat. 
Yo mama so fat whenever she goes to the beach the tide comes in! 
Yo mama so fat when she plays hopscotch, she goes New York, L.A., Chicago... 
Yo mama so fat she downloads cheat codes for wii fit. 
Yo mama so fat she's got Amtrak written on her leg. 
Yo mama so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction! 
Yo mama so fat she has a KFC bucket in her hands at all times 
Yo mama so fat her legs is like spoiled milk - white & chunky! 
Yo mama so fat you cant tell if she got a penis or a vagina. 
Yo mama so fat I had to take a train and two buses just to get on the her good side! 
Yo mama so fat she wakes up in sections! 
Yo mama so fat when she goes to an amusement park, people try to ride HER! 
Yo mama so fat she sat on a quarter and a booger shot out of george washington's nose. 
Yo mama so fat she rolled over 4 quarters and it made a dollar! 
Yo mama so fat its illegal for her to skydive because the world only needs one grand canyon. 
Yo mama so fat she needs cheat codes for Wii fit 
Yo mama so fat she broke her leg and gravy poured out 
Yo mama so fat the only thing stopping her from going to work in the morning is the front door 
Yo mama so fat when she lies on the beach no one else gets sun! 
Yo mama so fat when she bunge jumps she goes straight to hell! 
Yo mama so fat when she bends over, helicopters think her butt's a landing pad 
Yo mama so fat she masturbates to cook books 
Yo mama so fat she went to Hollister and the manager told her to leave cause none of the clothes could fit her. 
Yo mama so fat when she uses a space shuttle as a vibrator 
Yo mama so fat that when she went skydiving people thought she was a hot air balloon. 
Yo mama so fat when her belly button doesn't have lint, it has sweaters 
Yo mama so fat she thought the f on the dash board stand for food. 
Yo mama so fat she uses a whole stick of deodorant on half an armpit. 
Yo mama so fat when she died and went to heaven Jesus said there was no room so then she went to hell and the devil said HELL NO. 
Yo mama so fat when she farted in the Gulf of Mexico it caused Hurricane Katrina 
Yo mama so fat when she jumps up in the air she gets stuck!!! 
Yo mama so fat when she went to heaven she didn't get a mansion she goat a 24 hour mcdonalds. 
Yo mama so fat she goes to KFC and licks other peoples fingers 
Yo mama so fat that her senior pictures had to be aerial views! 
Yo mama so fat even Kirby can't eat her. 
Yo mama so fat everytime she walks in high heels, she strikes oil! 
Yo mama so fat she fell and made the Grand Canyon! 
Yo mama so fat she sat on the beach and Greenpeace threw her in! 
Yo mama so fat even her clothes have stretch marks! 
Yo mama so fat she has front, side, and back boobs 
Yo mama so fat she doesn't have corn rows she has crop circles 
Yo mama so fat she's the reason buffets installed speed bumps 
Yo mama so fat a vampire bit her and got Type 2 diabetes. 
Yo mama so fat if she had a porn name it would be Krispy Kreme. 
Yo mama so fat she has a wooden leg with a kickstand! 
Yo mama so fat when she went swimming, The Japanese harpooned her and took her back to Japan to sell her blubber 
Yo mama so fat when she rides in a hot air balloon, it looks like she's wearin tights! 
Yo mama so fat she got hit by a parked car! 
Yo mama so fat they have to grease the bath tub to get her out! 
Yo mama so fat she has a run in her blue-jeans! 
Yo mama so fat when she gets on the scale it says to be continued. 
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people say "Taxi!" 
Yo mama so fat she has to get out of the car to change the radio station 
Yo mama so fat Japanese harpooners daydream of what she would look like, in a ham slicer. 
Yo mama so fat when she get hurt we take her to the hospital in a pick up truck 
Yo mama so fat it took Usain Bolt 3 years to run around her 
Yo mama so hungry when she goes to the petting zoo she brings barbecue sauce. 
Yo mama so fat when someome tried to fuck her it was like throwing a hotdog down a really long hallway 
Yo mama so fat she sweats more than a dog in a chinese resturaunt. 
Yo mama so fat her shadow weighs 35 pounds 
Yo mama so fat she's like my ex-girlfriend... I can't get within 100 yards of her 
Yo mama so fat up on Uranus their saying X marks the spot 
Yo mama so fat but I screwed her ne way 
Yo mama so fat she grinded her roller skates flat 
Yo mama so fat shes the reason London Bridge is falling down. 
Yo mama so fat I took a picture of her on christmas and it still printing 
Yo mama so fat she uses a stick of butter for chapstick. 
Yo mama so fat that she woke up on all four sides of the bed! 
Yo mama so fat that when she bends over, the whole country enters daylight saving! your mama so fat I tried to hang a picture of her on my wall, and my wall fellover. 
Yo mama so fat she steps on a scale & it goes one at a time please 
Yo mama so fat that when she was born the doctors had to give her a pregnancy test! 
Yo mama so fat when she masterbates it looks like a 3-way 
Yo mama so fat when she wears light blue people yell "Tsunami". 
Yo mama so fat SHE is a map on CALL OF DUTY! 
Yo mama so fat the police man said lady please move that exercising ball. 
Yo mama so fat she shops at the Gap and now its the Filled 
Yo mama so fat the back of her head looks like hot dogs 
Yo mama so fat shes like the ocean....Big...Wide...and filed with Cubans! 
Yo mama so fat she has soft elbows 
Yo mama so fat instead of an STD she gave me cholestorol 
Yo mama so fat she made Jabba the Hut go dayyyyummmm. 
Yo mama so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck! 
Yo mama so fat she sweats butter and syrup and has a full time job at Denny's wiping pancakes across her forehead 
Yo mama so fat she's like an SUV "Big Black and room for 6 construction workers inside" 
Yo mama so fat she has more crack than Whitney and Bobby 
Yo mama so fat she gotta eating disorder. She eat dis order, & that order, & everybody else's order too 
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it. 
Yo mama so fat all i hear when she walks by is heffty heffty heffty 
Yo mama so fat when she sits on my face I can't hear the stereo. 
Yo mama So Fat......That evryone is extremely concerned for her health and hopes she gets better. 
Yo mama so fat they use the elastic in her underwear for bungee jumping 
Yo mama so huge, she looked at the Empire State Building, and said, "Hey look! A Barbie Dream House!" 
Yo mama so fat when they used her underwear elastic for bungee jumping, they hit the ground. 
Yo mama so fat when she back up she beep. 
Yo mama so fat she jumped up in the air and got stuck. 
Yo mama so fat she has to buy two airline tickets. 
Yo mama so fat when she fell over she rocked herself asleep trying to get up again. 
Yo mama so fat she influences the tides. 
Yo mama so fat she uses Mount Everest as a dildo 
Yo mama so fat, when she made a club penguin account, SHE TIPPED THE ICE-BERG!!! 
Yo mama so fat that when I tried to drive around her I ran out of gas. 
Yo mama so fat she hasn't seen her waistline since 85 
Yo mama so fat she puts mayonaisse on her diet pills 
Yo mama sooooo fat she didnt need to take a flight she was already in China. 
Yo mama so fat that when she crossed the street every body thaught that she was a roundabout 
Yo mama so fat she step on a lego and broke it! 
Yo mama so fat when she walked out in August in her yellow sun dress and the kids said mamamy its time for school. 
Yo mama so fat her favorite word is Gravy cuz she puts that shit on everything. 
Yo mama so fat when she wears Nike's they say Nickeloden 
Yo mama so fat when she wears a yellow raincoat people yell "Taxi!!" 
Yo mama so fat she puts mayonasise on asprin 
Yo mama so fat she shops for her clothes in the maternity section! 
Yo mama so fat when she got in a plane she was like the Japanese Kamikaze, up up up crash. 
Yo mama so fat she bathes with Shamu at Sea World 
Yo mama so fat she was talking on her telephone and it got lost in her ear. 
Yo mama so fat she has to pull her pants down to get into her pockets 
Yo mama so fat she went cow tipping and got pushed over 
Yo mama so fat that in the summer, she sells her own shade. 
Yo mama so fat her fingers are too fat for the iPad. 
Yo mama so fat she used jumper cables for suspenders 
Yo mama so fat if you slice her in fruit ninja, you automatically win the game! 
Yo mama so fat her address is McDonalds 
Yo mama so fat that it takes 40 men and 4 cranes to get her in Skinny Jeans 
Yo mama so fat and dumb, she thinks she's in shape, because circle is a shape. 
Yo mama so fat she had a twin, but she ate her. 
Yo mama so fat she went bungee jumping and broke the bridge 
Yo mama so fat the only time she lifts weights is when she gets out of bed 
Yo mama so fat the only letters in the alphabet she knows is KFC 
Yo mama so fat shes on the seafood diet, she sees food and she eats it 
Yo mama so fat it took her four weeks to die from lethal injection 
Yo mama so fat her nipples touch on her back 
Yo mama so fat she's a middleweight prostitute 
Yo mama so fat she pulls her pants down and her ass is still in them. 
Yo mama so fat the animals at the zoo feed her. 
Yo mama so fat that when she jumped off a bridge she baptised the whole world. 
Yo mama so fat not even Jesus could lift her spirits 
Yo mama so fat she needs a lattitude and longitude number to find her own asshole 
Yo mama so fat they had to put her back pockets in front 
Yo mama so fat her favorite actor is Krevin Bacon 
Yo mama so fat she has enough rolls to feed china. 
Yo mama so fat You can print out a picture of her and use it as a paperweight. 
Yo mama so fat she has to wear a spandex wedding ring 
Yo mama so fat she has shocks on her toilet 
Yo mama so fat when she dances at a concert the whole band skips. 
Yo mama so fat when she lays on the bed she falls from all sides. 
Yo mama so fat a hyperbole coulden't exagerate her weight 
Yo mama so fat when she goes camping the bears hide their food 
Yo mama so fat your daddy had to hire an engineer to reinforce their bed 
Yo mama so fat the Aids quilt wouldn't cover her 
Yo mama so fat she stands in two time zones. 
Yo mama so fat that when she died even god couldn't lift her spirit. 
Yo mama so fat when she climbed the full moon it cracked in half 
Yo mama so fat she made the sumo wrestlers look anorexic. 
Yo mama so fat when she weres a shirt with pictures on it they become 3-D 
Yo mama so fat she stepped on the scale and it said my phone number. 
Yo mama's so fat she uses a Snickers for a toothbrush. 
Yo mama so fat the police stoped her and told her to stop selling crack 
Yo mama so fat that when she goes to KFC she says, "can i get the bucket on the roof?" 
Yo mama so fat she walked in front of the tv and i missed the hole titanic movie 
Yo mama so fat she stepped on a dollar and got cents 
Yo mama so fat after Hostess went bankrupt all she does is chase school buses 
Yo mama so fat when she gets a cut she bleeds milkshake 
Yo mama so fat she became the eighth wonder of the world. 
Yo mama so fat she puts on a black bathing suit, gets in the ocean, and everyone screams "Oil Spill." 
Yo mama so fat when she got on the scale her phone number showed up! 
Yo mama so fat when she was in school she sat by everybody! 
Yo mama So Fat She Use A Flat Bed Truck As A Bed 
Yo mama so fat that every buffet in the world has her picture on the window with a Big X on it. 
Yo mama so fat she started flashing people and got arrested for trafficking. 
Yo mama so fat the only way she'll lose weight is if she loses a leg to diabetes 
Yo mama so fat and dumb, she thinks "Real women have curves and diabetes" 
Yo mama so fat that when she got arrested for selling 10 pounds of crack, the police called in a garbage truck to haul her ass in. 
Yo mama so fat the only liquor she knows is liquorice 
Yo mama so fat she has more rolls than a bakery! 
Yo mama so fat when she went to the zoo she got put in with hippos 
Yo mama so fat her nearest toilet is EVERYWHERE! 
Yo mama so fatwhen she went to the theaters everybody yelled, "Look King-Kong in 3-D!". 
Yo mama so fat she jumped into the ocean and made the whales sing "we are family, even though you are fatter than me." 
Yo mama so fat she went in a bed store, and ask for a waterbed, the owner put a blanket over the Pacific Ocean 
Yo mama so fat she thought that she was having a stomach ache when she was really going into labor 
Yo mama so fat she was sued for eating people, so she ate the prosecutor 
Yo mama so fat she uses mayonnaise for toothpaste, and Coca-Cola for mouthwash 
Yo mama so fat that when she runs every one shouts EARTHQUAKE. 
Yo mama so fat she makes Jonah Hill look superbad at gaining weight! 
Yo mama so fat she got arrested for selling crack 
Yo mama is so ugly that when she was born her mother said to her husband DAMN I should have just gave you head 
Yo mama so fat her picture heavy 
Yo mama so fat that when you poke her with a fork she bleeds chocolate milk 
Yo mama so fat she has to eat with a fork lift driver 
Yo mama so fat she gotta do the matix just to get of her car 
Yo mama so fat when she walk around people say there go the neighborhood! 
Yo mama so fat she cant take pictures, she have to take billboards! 
Yo mama so fat she uses a flat bed truck as a bed. 
Yo mama so fat her ass needed 5 zipcodes 
Yo mama so fat when she sat on the toilet it sang abcdefg get your fat butt off of me. 
Yo mama so fat she look like a obese teddy graham that should be haven a million bras two in the front of her neck,two in the back of her neck, ten on her back, eleven on her stomach, six on each arm and leg and theigh, and one wrapped around each toe,and a tripple d cup size bra to hold up her virgina! 
Yo mum so fat that I walked around her twice and got lost! 
Yo mama so fat she jumped off the Grand Canyon and got stuck 
Yo mama so fat that her part time job is being a tug boat! 
Yo mama so fat that when God sent her to heaven she fell down to hell. 
Yo mama so fat that her senior picture had to be taken from space. 
Yo mama so fat when she jumped in the Pacific ocean a tsunami wiped out half of Japan. 
Yo mama so fat she can play pool with the planets. 
Yo mama so fat that she donates her fat rolls to the bakery. 
Yo mama so fat that when she saw a yellow bus she said "there goes my twinkie" 
Yo mama so fat when shewent to the zoo she got put in with the hippos. 
Yo mama so fat she play hopscotch like this Washington, Texas, Florida, Mexico. 
Yo mama so fat when she got on the scale the doctor looked at the number and said "That's my phone number." 
Yo mama so fat that she has a gravitational pull 
Yo mama so fat that she called a group of scientists to calculate the amount of chins she has. 
Yo mama so fat when she got shot in the leg the doctors couldn't find the bullet 
Yo mama so fat a Blind Dude pointed at her and said "That Bitch is FAT" 
Yo mama so fat that her car is made out of spandex. 
Yo mama so fat that u have to take 2 airplanes and bus to get on her good side. 
Yo mama so fat her stretch marks got stretch marks. 
Yo mama so fat when she had fever it caused global warming. 
Yo mama so ridiculous she is ridiculously fat. 
Yo mama so fat she wears the eqautor for a belt just to hold up her pants. 
Yo mama so fat that her nickname is Fatty McButterpants. 
Yo mama so fat she uses Jupiter as a basketball 
Yo mama so fat she thought the first 3 letters of the alphabet was KFC 
Yo mama so fat when she puts on a yellow rain coat the childern come running to the bus stop. 
Yo mama so fat when you have sex with her you have to slap her stomach and ride the wave in. 
Yo mama so fat she uses the asteroid belt to slice her foods. 
Yo mama so fat she is standing on Marianas Trench, which is the reason why it's the lowest point on Earth. 
Yo mama so fat the Hubble telescope took a picture of her not on Earth but on the opposite point of the universe. 
Yo mama so fat that the government could use her jelly-rolls to stop world hunger. 
Yo mama so fat she fell off the bed and went straight to hell 
Yo mama so fat that even god couldn't raise her spirit 
Yo mama so fat she got stuck in the grand canyon 
Yo mama so fat when she walked past the t.v. you missed three episodes. 
Yo mama so fat that her feet need license plates. 
Yo mama so fat that when people want to clean the tunnels they tie ropes around her shoulders and pull her through them 
Yo mama so fat she wears a vcr as a beeper 
Yo mama so fat she had to take a specially made taxi the size of the united states. 
Yo mama so fat when she hop she goes from Europe to asia to africa to anartica 
Yo mama so fat she brought a spoon to the Superbowl. 
Yo mama so fat she got her own area code 
Yo mama so fat the NASA ordered her to clean up the satellite junks floating above. 
Yo mama so fat even all dark matter from space is falling into her right now. 
Yo mama so fat she has to fly cargo class. 
Yo mama so fat when all the planets got aligned, she played hopscotch on them, starting from the sun. 
Yo mama so fat she went to disneyland and was offered a group discount. 
Yo mama so fat her car has stretch marks. 
Yo mama so fat when sat on the rocket the rocket couldn't lift off 
Yo mama so fat they used Google Earth for her school photo. 
Yo mama so fat when she was watching the food network & turned over she missed 2 episodes. 
Yo mama so fat she broke up Pangea! 
Yo mama so fat, she has to get pulled by a trailer to get home 
Yo mama so fat she fills up tha bathtub then she turns on the water. 
Yo mama so fat that when she farts, the richter scale says 9.0! 
Yo mama so fat the shadow of her butt weighs fifty pounds. 
Yo mama so fat she sat in the middle of the road and got mistakened for a roundabout. 
Yo mama so fat NASA uses her farts for rocket fuel 
Yo mama so fat she has double wide swinging restuarant doors in her house. 
Yo mama so fat she wore a pink and yellow spotted dress and a girl thought she was Mr blobby 
Yo mama so fat when she leaves the beach everyone screams the coast is clear!!! 
Yo mama so fat she is in love with the great wall of china 
Yo mama so fat her strech marks spell out "big bitch" 
Yo mama so fat when she leaves the beach everyone screams the coast is clear!!! 
Yo mama so fat when she walk up a street pepole thought the sun was coming. 
Yo mama so fat her favorite children's book is "Three Little Pigs in a Blanket" 
Yo mama so fat that that when she was walking home she tripped over Wal-mart and landed on Target. 
Yo mama so fat that when she sat on the toilet she said ooh this ain't comfortable. Because she was sitting on a broken chair! 
Yo mama so fat I wasted all my gas driving around her!! 
Yo mama so fat when she walks across the isle at the theatre everybody misses the movie 
Yo mama so fat she made the movie "Gorillas in the Mist" in her shower. 
Yo mama so fat that her belt size is the equator. 
Yo mama so fat she got stuck in an armless chair. 
Yo mama so fat to keep her cold at night she doesnt use a fan she uses a helicopter 
Yo mama so fat she sat on 2 Sumo wrestlers and got arrested for double homicide 
Yo mama so fat that her car is made out of spandex. 
Yo mama so fat her blood type is Rocky Road 
Yo mama so fat a truck hit her and she asked who pelt that stone! 
Yo mama so fat she could stand on the sidewalk and still get hit by a car. 
Yo mama so fat she has a shape of a pepsi not the bottle THE CAN! 
Yo mama so fat when she said beam me up scotty he said "I cant your to heavy." 
Yo mama so fat her butt cheecks look two pigs fiting over a milk dud 
Yo mama so fat that when your school bus passed by she ran after it trying to catch that twinkie 
Yo mama so fat she got hit by a bus and was like "who be thowin rocks at me"... 
Yo mama so fat that when she stepped on the scale it said to be continued 
Yo mama so fat every time she walked in JCPennys they said its all inside 
Yo mama so fat that when she travelled to a different country they said "Oh look there's an American". 
Yo mama so fat she hopped over walmart, tripped over kmart, rolled over sears and landed on target. 
Yo mama so fat the bath tub sits in her! 
Yo mama so fat that when she farted she started global warming your mama so fat she has pictures of food in her wallet 
Yo mama so fat when she went to "In 'n' Out" she couldn't get in or out 
Yo mama So Fat, When God Said Let There Bel Light, He Asked Her To Move Out Of The Way. 
Yo mama so fat she wears "Hammer Pants" as skinny jeans 
Yo mama so fat everytime she TRIES to masterbate she can only find her belly button 
Yo mama so fat that Cristopher Colombus claimed her for the new world. 
Yo mama so fat the rent money was stuck in her belly button for a month and ya'll got evicted cuz she could'nt find it 
Yo mama so fat she lost a face cloth and a bar of soap in the crack of her ass trying to take a shower 
Yo mama so fat that if you tried to kick her butt you might never get your foot back 
Yo mama So Fat When She Bungie Jumps..She Goes Straight 2 Hell 
Yo mama so fat she use a county issued trash can for a girdle. 
Yo mama so fat if she go skydiving up in the Northeast there'd be 6 Great lakes. 
Yo mama so fat when she jumped in the ocean she said "Beat that Moses." 
Yo mama so fat her high school photo was a double page spread. 
Yo mama so fat that when she leaned on the "Empire State Building", it tipped 
Yo mama so fat she rolls up the stairs! 
Yo mama so fat she put a blanket over the ocean and called it a water bed 
Yo mama so fat dat she left out da house wit heels on and came home wit flats on.
Yo mama so fat when she got in her car she says "Dam kids, they popped my tires"
Yo mama so fat when she steps on the scale Buzzlightear popped out and said to infinity and beyond 
Yo mama so fat she went to da zoo and da elephants was jealous 
Yo mama so fat that when she walks around the house she walks "around" the house 
Yo mama so fat when shes in her car and she sticks out her hand, the car will turn! 
Yo mama so fat that when she walked pass the t.v. you missed a marathon 
Yo mama so fat that when she laughs she farts 
Yo mama so fat her strechmarks got strechmarks! 
Yo mama so fat that when she wore a red shirt, people said hey look koolaid! 
Yo mama so fat that she walked into a tattoo parlor and the worker said "Wooaahh! We don't paint murals!" 
Yo mama so fat when she walked past the t.v.you missed three episodes. 
Yo mama is so Fat.. when she tried to take a bath the water jumped out and said "Nah brah, I'll wait." 
Yo mama so fat when you have sex with her you have to slap her stomach and ride the wave in! 
Yo mama so fat that when she goes out to eat she looks at the menu and says okay 
Yo mama so fat when she puts on a yellow rain coat the children come running to the bus stop. 
Yo mama so fat when she gave birth to you it took them 7 days to find you ! 
Yo mama so fat she jump into the sea and the sea jump out 
Yo mama so fat the only way to get her out of a telephone booth is to grease her thighs and throw a twinkie in the street. 
Yo mama, so fat 500 people cant pick her up, not even a fork lift 
Yo mama, so fat that everytime she takes a step the Earth's orbit changes 
Yo mama so fat when she goes to the beach people ask her is she wearing bottoms! 
Yo mama So Fat They Used Her For The New Years Ball Drop 
Yo mama So Fat she has stretch marks on her toenails 
Yo mama so fat einstien based the black hole theory on her Ass hole 
Yo mama so fat when she fell off the roof people thought it was santa claus! 
Yo mama so big, she went to the airport and asked for a ticket. And they gave her clearance to take off! 
Yo mama so fat she needs a GPS to find her ass hole 
Yo mama so fat her belly button gets home 15 mins before she does 
Yo mama so fat she ate herself alive 
Yo mama so fat she hoola-hooped the Superbowl 
Yo mama so fat Borden's called her and asked for their cottage cheese back. 
Yo mama so fat she was laying on the side of the beach and a kid walked by and said "WOAH BEACHED WHALE" 
Yo mama so fat when I kicked her in the stomach porkchops came out of her ass 
Yo mama so fat, when she walks on the road her butts clap 
Yo mama so fat when she came up missing they couldnt fit her face on the milk carton so they branded it on the side of the cow. 
Yo mama so fat she broke her own branch on the family tree. 
Yo mama so fat she created a black hole because she has attained infinite mass. 
Yo mama so fat that when I thought I heard music from her cellphone in her pocket she instead pulled out and ice cream truck. 
Yo mama so fat her double chin is bigger then your ass your mama so fat, she has smaller fat women orbiting around her 
Yo mama is so big dora can't explore her 
Yo mama so fat you can stand on top of her and Hi-5 jesus. 
Yo mama so fat her blood is doughnut jelly 
Yo mama so fat she play hop scotch like pennsylvania, new york, maine, massachussets 
Yo mama so fat everyone keeps asking her when her baby is due 
Yo mama so fat she jumped in the swiming pool and said "Where did all the water go" 
Yo mama SO Fat when she got on the scale it said lose some weight bitch 
Yo mama so fat when she got on the bus the bus driver asked how'd she got on the bus 
Yo mama so fat, when she auditioned for star trek she bent the space time continuum 
Yo mama so fat the only thing stopping her from Jenny Craig is the door! 
Yo mama so fat she has her own orbit 
Yo mama so fat she sneeze bacon grease 
Yo mama so fat she sat on the bus seat an the bus tilted over 
Yo mama so fat when she had surgery it took hours for the doctors to get to the flesh 
Yo mama so fat when she ordered a water bed they put a blanket over the Mississippi River 
Yo mama so fat that at her wedding the ring bearer was Saturn. 
Yo mama so fat when sumo wrestlers landed on her, they flew off into space. 
Yo mama so fat that she rolls up her matress to use it as a tampon! 
Yo mama so fat she cant float, even in space! Ya mummas so fat she has to put her boobs in the back seat to drive 
Yo mama so fat every time she rolls out of bed she finds six naked men attached to her ass. 
Yo mama so fat that two guys could be having sex with her at once and they still would never meet. 
Yo mama so fat when she fell down I tried not to laugh, but the ground was cracking up. 
Yo mama so fat she sweat bacon bits 
Yo mama so fat scientists thought Jupiter was her brother. 
Yo mama so fat when she jumped into the alantic ocean she brought back titanic 
Yo mama so fat her kidney stones are the size of boulders. 
Yo mama so fat, when she goes on vacation, everyone gotta put sun block on 
Yo mama so chubby when she went out to the strip club, they called her mama shake weight 
Yo mama so fat that when God said "Let there be light." he had to ask her to move out of the way first. 
Yo mama so fat, even her myspace has no space. 
Yo mama so fat the only thing stoping her on the way to mcdonalds is the door 
Yo mama so fat even Bill Gates couldn't pay for her liposuction 
Yo mama so fat she broke the 64 block limit on Minecraft. 
Yo mama so fat when she swam in the mediterranean sea and even Italy couldn't kick her out. 
Yo mama so fat during pregnancy she went to the hospital in a tow truck. 
Yo mama So Fat She Was Wearing An All Blue Shirt And Hawaiians Said, "Oh Shit Tsunami." 
Yo mamas so fat she has three pockets on the back of her jeans. 
Yo mama so fat when she traveled to outer space people thought she was the moon 
Yo mama so fat when I tickeled her, she didnt feel it! 
Yo mama so fat she uses the highway as a slip and slide 
Yo mama so fat she said she would get me a snack walked in front of the tv and I missed the superbowl 
Yo mama so fat and poor that when her kids said "i want trampoline for Christmas" she said you dont need one! You've got me! BOUNCE BOUNCE! 
Yo mama so fat when she turned around she knocked Mars out of orbit 
Yo mama so fat the police used her as a road block! 
Yo mama so fat her nose and her butt are in different time zones. 
Yo mama so fat and ugly, Fat Albert says "Hey Hey Hey,get away" 
Yo mama so fat when she died she broke the stairway to heaven 
Yo mama so fat that when she jumped out an airplane her fat rolls made their own parachute. 
Yo mama so fat when she was in Call of Duty she got killed and the person that killed her got a five person kill streak. 
Yo mama so fat she makes fat people look skinny 
Yo mama so fat that she thinks the ocean is like jumping in a puddle 
Yo mama so fat that when we die we can't go to heaven or hell because it's all full 
Yo mama so fat instead of swimming with the dolphins she goes out to the ocean and and swims with the whales 
Yo mama so fat when she sat down she caused an eathquake on the OTHER side of the WORLD! 
Yo mama so fat that her back rolls cried justin timberlake a river. 
Yo mama so fat that when she entered the fat racing contest she came in first second and third 
Yo mama so fat she has her own energy source 
Yo mama so fat that when she was wearing a hollister shirt, a helicopter landed on the H 
Yo mama so fat that when she hears the doorbell she runs to the microwave singing 'HOT POCKETS'!!! 
Yo mama so fat she couldn't have sex with king kong 
Yo mama so fat that when its time to take the subway no one else can come on! 
Yo mama so fat when she sat in the tub it sang bubble bubble abc get your big a$$ out of me. 
Yo mama so fat when shes mad she turns into a tomato 
Yo mama so fat when's she walk down the street, she creates potholes. 
Yo mama so fat when she went to the movies, everyone asked "Can this screen be any bigger? 
Yo mama so fat when she was in outer space she had more gravitational pull than all the planets combined..... 
YO mama so fat that the goverment thought that she was RUSSIA. 
Yo mama so fat they needed a bulldozer to bury her, may she Rest In Peace. 
Yo mama so fat when she pulls her panties down to her knees she still has pu**y in them. 
Yo mama so fat she asked Jenny Craig how many Weight Watchers points Self-Esteem was worth 
Yo mama so fat when she jumped in the Pacific ocean it became the Pacific desert 
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a tree it made paper. 
Yo mama so fat that when she had fish and chips she used her belly button as a salt cellar. 
Yo mama so fat wine companies stand in line waiting for her to shit so they can buy it and harvest their Vineyards. 
Yo mama so fat the equator is smaller then her waist line. 
Yo mama so fat every time she goes grocery shopping workers yell "Deliverys here" 
Yo mama so fat She has bacon-bits in her blood 
Yo mama so fat that when she went to Walmart she couldn't get in OR out! 
Yo mama so fat they had to transport her to Paris in a cargo ship. 
Yo mama so fat she uses a king size mattress for a maxi pad. 
Yo mama so fat that one side of her lives in a parallel universe. 
Yo mama so fat when she wading in the atlantic ocean, people could get to New York from London without having to pay 
Yo mama so fat she has the weight loss commercial for a ringtone 
Yo mama so fat when she farts they have to put it on the weather channel! 
Yo mama so fat when she went swimming Japanese whalers on the other side of the ocean harpooned her 
Yo mama so fat she was floating in the ocean and they used her as a replica of the war of 1812 
Yo mama so fat when she gets out of the shower, her legs are still dry!! 
Yo mama so fat NASA qualified her as a planet 
Yo mama so fat when she sits on an active volcano she makes a whole beach 
Yo mama is fat that when she sits on a semi they say "Ok now give me the over size load sign." 
Yo mama so fat she went to take her blood test and the machine said "Life at STEAK". 
Yo mama so fat She ate popcorn out of the whole theater! 
Yo mama so fat that when she passes by the tv, Jesse Pinkman was in and out of rehab 4 times. 
Yo mama so fat half of her ass was in a parallel universe 
Yo mama so fat when she plays Mortal Kombat, Sub Zero cant freeze her. 
Yo mama so fat and old she sat on a toy airplane and invented the jet 
Yo mama so fat she tried out for the Indiana Jones movie and got the part as the rolling boulder 
Yo mama so fat that when she dies, they will need to make a whole new cemetary! 
Yo mama so fat her farts started global warming and if she died it would be over. 
Yo mama so fat she made a ditch the grand canyon 
Yo mama so fat that the Titanic ran into her not the iceberg. your mama so fat she ate the rest of the joke 
Yo mama so fat when people are looking for a moonbounce they call her! 
Yo mama so fat she got an ocean side house and said her pool was to small. 
Yo mama so fat her middle name is steak. 
Yo mama so fat everyone keeps asking when the triplets are due 
Yo mama so fat she went to space and never floated. 
Yo mama so fat that I had a dream about her and I woke up with a broken neck. 
Yo mama so fat she went to the elephant exhibit at the zoo and had a family reunion. 
Yo mama so fat when she walks into a manwhore house all she gets is a cheese sandwich. 
Yo mama so fat when she sat on the bible Jesus came begging her to set his people free 
Yo mama so fat her idea of eating pork is eating the entire pig. 
Ya mama so fat she thinks biscuits are like tic tacs 
Yo mama so fat that she makes a whale look like a tic-tac 
Yo mama so fat she went to Syria and farted.... and Barack Obama almost bombed the country for having weapons of mass destruction. 
Yo mama so fat that a car can park on her back. 
Yo mama so fat they got to use garden tools to give her a pap smear. 
Yo mama so fat Nasa though they found a second moon 
Yo mama so fat it takes 4 rolls of toilet paper and a Bed sheet to wipe her ass! 
Yo mama so fat she used to have a six-pack, but she drank it 
Yo mama so fat she got her ears pierced with a harpoon while she was swimming. 
Yo mama so fat when she saw herself on the weather channel she said "Wow I never new I was that fat" 
Yo mama so fat she got steering wheel burns on her belly from driving to work everyday.. 
Yo mama so fat that when I had sex with her and rolled over 3 times I was still on that b**ch. 
Yo mama so fat she hopped in a monster truck and made it a low rider 
Yo mama so fat her nickname is the "Big Bang" because we only have theories as to what created her. 
Yo mama was so fat when she left the beach, the people all shouted the coast is cleared 
Yo mama so fat when she tryied out for rhymatic gymnastics she had to hoola hoop in saturns rings. 
Yo mama so fat she can name every Restaurant because there all in her stomach. 
Yo mama ass so fat when she sits down she's three feet taller 
Yo mama so fat I thought she worked at KFC, but in fact she was their best customer. 
Yo mama so heavy, that when she goes on an elevator, it turns into Hellevator. 
Yo mama so large, she doesn't need a data plan, she's already world wide. 
Yo mama so fat at McDonalds she looked at the menu and said okay 
Yo mama so fat when she said "I'm jonesen for a milky way, she meant the entire galaxy" 
Yo mama so fat you need a g.p.s to walk around her 
Yo mama so fat that she inspired Al Gore to invent the World Wide Web. 
Yo mama so fat she has to call 911 anytime she wants to leave the house. 
Yo mama so fat when she sat on the side walk she got a parking ticket! 
Yo mama so fat when she sat on the floor she went to the basement 
Yo mama So Fat When She Step On The Scale My Credit Card Number Showed Up..... 
Yo mama so fat she eats a prize pig for breakfast and a family of whales for a light snack 
Yo mama is fat that scientists are worried she's helping the earth become a black hole. 
Yo mama so fat that she counts as a 5 kill streak on Call Of Duty. 
Yo mama so fat when she got into her mini van construction workers had to tape over size load on the back 
Yo mama so fat she has her own ozone layer 
Yo mama so fat her shirt size is XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXL 
Yo mama so fat she walked in the aquariam and the tour guide said "How did this whale get out?" 
Yo mama so fat and thats that. 
Yo mama so fat if you had a dollar for every pound she weighed you could pay down the national debt. 
Yo mama so fat that when she put a sparkley dress, she almost brought back disco. 
Yo mama so fat for halloween she wore a black plastic bag and when i asked her what she was going as she said night.
Yo mama so fat she fell in love and broke it. 
Yo mama so fat SHE is a board on the MARIO PARTY GAMES! 
Yo mama so fat when she's thirsty she puts a straw in the ocean. 
Yo mama so fat she doesn't need two others to make a crowd. 
Yo mama so fat she's in every time zone 
Yo mama so fat she needs a digital scale to remember her phone number. 
Yo mama so fat she makes "Free Willy" look like a goldfish. 
Yo mama so fat when they took pictures of Earth it looked like Earth had a pimple. 
Yo mama so fat that when she got up from her desk she had to bring it home with her. 
Yo mama so fat and large only the sun is jealous of her. 
Yo mama so fat, she made "Precious" say "God Damnnnnnn". 
Yo mama so fat after she gave birth it took the doctors a year to find you. 
Yo mama so fat and her teeth are so yellow the only cat calls she gets are "Hey Taxi" 
Yo mama so fat and old that her falling caused Pangaea to break apart. 
Yo mama so fat she uses the Great wall of China as a belt. 
Yo mama so fat she has to wait for it to rain before she can take a shower. 
Yo mama so fat she farted in the ocean and caused El Nino. 
Yo mama so fat she calls the apple orchard a fruit salad. 
Yo mama so fat people at the carnival said "How many tickets to ride that blimp?" 
Yo mama so fat that when you where born they couldn't find..... 
You 
Yo mama is so large when she gets on a elevator it always goes to the ground floor. 
Yo mama so fat evel knievel called and wanted to jump her ....(with his motorcycle) 
Yo mamas SO Fat She Went to the beach And Jumped Of A Diving Board A person Went inside of her 
your mama so fat when she she turns around its her birthday 
Yo mama soo fat she ate the rest of my joke 
Yo mamas so fat she can't go swimming in Japan because of illegal whaling. 
Yo mummy so fat, when she steps on Wolverine.... Even he can't heal himself! 
Yo mama so fat that when i moved from china to England, she was still my neighbor. 
Yo mama so fat that when she sails, she sails underwater. 
Yo mama so fat when she went to the gynecologist and told them she was pregnant, they didn't think she could get any bigger. 
Yo mama so fat when she goes up a flight of stairs she leaves dents in them 
Yo mama so fat and blonde that when the sun retired she was eligible to take its place. 
Yo mama so fat when she walked into a construction site, one of the workers said, "Hey! Bill! Get the crane ready! We've got a wide load comin' in! 
Yo mama so fat her engagement ring was one of Saturn's 
Yo mama so fat fast food stock prices go up and down based on her eating habits. 
Yo mama so fat when she does the hokey pokey her left leg goes outside of earth 
Yo mama so fat that she makes the national debt look small! 
Yo mama so fat she fell down and rocked her self asleep trying to get up 
Yo mama so fat her ass got mistaken for Uranus 
Yo mama so fat that when she wore her wedding dress people thought it was snowing 
Yo mama so fat when she's going on an airplane, she her ass has to pay for baggage fees. 
Yo mama so fat that when she stand on one end of the Earth the other end lift up 
Yo mama so fat her village got 1000 cattle as a dowry, when they gave her to cannibals. 
Yo mama so fat she doesnt have to be famous to be nation wide. 
Yo mama so fat the elephant at the zoo thought they were related. 
Yo mamaa so fat, they call her belly the low rider. 
Yo mama so fat scientists proved that the moon orbits her. 
Yo mama so fat when i asked to have sex it took her years to take off her clothes 
Yo mama so fat when we talk about mother earth we are referring to her. 
Yo mama so fat when she went to Japan in a green bikini, everyone screamed,"GODZILLA!!" 
Yo mama so fat she went to the store and tryed to go down one isle and took up two! 
Yo mama so fat when she bent down, the Grand Canyon got jealous 
Yo mama so fat every time she turns around they give her a welcome back party. 
Yo mama so fat if she lived on Pluto, scientists would call it a planet again. 
Yo mama so fat she was Miley Cyrus's wrecking ball. 
Yo mama so fat that when she sat on my 3DS she turned it into a 2DS. 
Yo mama so fat when she sat on a scooter she turned it into a bike. 
Yo mama so fat and poor the national weather service had to call her and tell her to stop stomping out her roaches cause she's causing earthquakes 
Yo mama so fat when she sits on a hockey puck, it becomes a flat tire! 
Yo mama so fat she uses the local car wash to take a shower. 
Yo mama so fricken fat if she could bend over she could disprove the laws of physics 
Yo mama so fat when she gets hit by a bus she yelled "Who throw that Twinkie at me?" 
Yo mama so fat i was by the ocean in the morning and by the time she passed me I missed the sunset. 
Yo mama so fat she fell and hit the Earth, it caused the Ice Age. 
Yo mama so fat an 18 wheeler could fit in her ass crack. 
Yo mama so fat she sat on a bear and turned it into rug 
Yo mama so fat the FDA took her to a grocery store to look for organic food items. 
Yo mama so fat that when she went to a store with XXXXXXXXXXL shirts, they said ,"to get cloths for you, get a time machine and kill a wooly mammoth. 
Yo mama so fat she jumped into the Pacific Ocean and Tsunami sirens sounded in Southeast Asia. 
Yo mama so fat when she jumped into the ocean, Gilligan, the Skipper, the Millon and his Wife, Movie Star, the Professer and Maryann had land to walk home. 
Yo mama so fat her plumbers crack is more like a plumbers ravine. 
Yo mama so fat she uses the entire country of Mexico as a tanning bed. 
Yo mama so fat the abandoned ship said "Land ho." 
Yo mama so fat when she farted, homeland security thought it was a dirty bomb. 
Yo mama so fat she sued the State of Florida because every time she went to the beach, people dragged her into the water thinking she was a beached whale. 
Yo mama so fat she eats soup with the Big Dipper. 
Yo mama like the baconater. Big, greasy, and meaty. 
Yo mama so fat she uses motorcycles as rollerblade's 
Yo mama so fat a picture of her weighs more than I do. 
Yo mama so fat she has to take selfies in parts 
Yo mama so fat she went to her favorite restaurant by herself and asked for a table for two. 
Yo mama so fat when she was in space, scientists thought her neck was pluto. 
Yo mama so fat I asked her what her favorite animal was, and she said the ones I can eat. 